Alyssa is in the trip city.
Alyssa is in the Miami city.
Alyssa is in the Atlanta city.
Alyssa is in the beach city.
Alyssa went to Miami because swim.
Alyssa went to Miami because travel.
Alyssa went to Miami because visit friends.
Alyssa went to Miami because laying out.
Alyssa has 1 friends.
Alyssa has 2 friends.
Alyssa has 3 friends.
Alyssa has 4 friends.
Alyssa ate at the restaurant steak.
Alyssa ate at the restaurant soup.
Alyssa ate at the restaurant salad.
Alyssa ate at the restaurant catfish.
the very first thing Elena isdoes after waking up she says hello to the tree.
the very first thing Elena isdoes after waking up she throws the covers on the floor.
the very first thing Elena isdoes after waking up she says hello to the sun.
the very first thing Elena isdoes after waking up she gets out of bed.
At Before the tree time of day does this story take place.
At At the end of the day time of day does this story take place.
At The story doesn't say time of day does this story take place.
At Morning time of day does this story take place.
He got put back in the bowl, but he was dead happened to Mr. Fish in the end.
He started swimming around in Elena's hand happened to Mr. Fish in the end.
He got put in a new bowl happened to Mr. Fish in the end.
He got put back in his bowl and started swimming around again happened to Mr. Fish in the end.
missing from the fish was bowl the rocks.
missing from the fish was bowl Mr. Fish.
missing from the fish was bowl the water.
missing from the fish was bowl the tiny castle.
 Billy was like a.. prince.
 Billy was like a.. dummy.
 Billy was like a.. queen.
 Billy was like a.. king.
The skinny kid was Billy.
A teacher was Billy.
A little kid was Billy.
The big kid was Billy.
the boy grabed from his home a rock.
the boy grabed from his home a bench.
the boy grabed from his home a tree.
the boy grabed from his home Fishing line.
the boy called Billy A dork.
the boy called Billy Dummy.
the boy called Billy Mr.Stupid Kid.
the boy called Billy A bully.
Billy bought at the farm Beef.
Billy bought at the farm Chicken.
Billy bought at the farm Cows.
Billy bought at the farm Fence.
Blue color were the spots on the cows.
Brown color were the spots on the cows.
White color were the spots on the cows.
Black color were the spots on the cows.
on the purple were fence Ten chickens.
on the purple were fence Six chickens.
on the purple were fence Five chickens.
on the purple were fence Four chickens.
Billy's brother felt after dinner Strange.
Billy's brother felt after dinner Scared.
Billy's brother felt after dinner Happy.
Billy's brother felt after dinner Sad.
Grandpa answered the door because Because he saw the insects.
Grandpa answered the door because Because Jimmy was walking.
Grandpa answered the door because Because Jimmy knocked.
Grandpa answered the door because Because the trip took a long time.
Grandpa sit is in On insects.
Grandpa sit is in Outside.
Grandpa sit is in By the fire.
Grandpa sit is in On the path.
Jimmy's favorite insect in the jar was Beetle.
Jimmy's favorite insect in the jar was Lady bug.
Jimmy's favorite insect in the jar was Moth.
Jimmy's favorite insect in the jar was Lightning bug.
doesn't Jimmy collect more moths because They're difficult to catch and they take up a lot of space.
doesn't Jimmy collect more moths because They're his favorite.
doesn't Jimmy collect more moths because He doesn't like them.
doesn't Jimmy collect more moths because Grandpa doesn't like them.
Ben's was job before the party Stopping the storm.
Ben's was job before the party Getting a clown.
Ben's was job before the party Cooking food for the guests.
Ben's was job before the party Calling all the guests.
the storm did Made their friends not show up.
the storm did Made Stew not surprised about the party.
the storm did Made them lose power for a little bit.
the storm did Made Ben cook bad food.
Kate got Stew for his birthday A little tree.
Kate got Stew for his birthday A few goldfish.
Kate got Stew for his birthday A new shirt.
Kate got Stew for his birthday A clown.
Stew's favorite television was show Sammy, Kate and Ben.
Stew's favorite television was show Thunder and Lightning.
Stew's favorite television was show Crazy Town.
Stew's favorite television was show Ben and the Clown.
Sally picking out a dress because For a school dance.
Sally picking out a dress because for suppertime.
Sally picking out a dress because so she could dream.
Sally picking out a dress because to sleep.
Sally barely touched at suppertime chicken.
Sally barely touched at suppertime a baked potato.
Sally barely touched at suppertime green beans.
Sally barely touched at suppertime corn on the cob.
pink dress did Sally pick.
red dress did Sally pick.
Yellow dress did Sally pick.
green dress did Sally pick.
Sally want to looked nice because so she could go to sleep.
Sally want to looked nice because so she would have fun.
Sally want to looked nice because so she would have a lot of boys asking her to dance.
Sally want to looked nice because so she could have chicken.
Strawberry, peach, blueberry such as in the cone.
Vanilla, vanilla, chocolate such as in the cone.
Chocolate, vanilla, blueberry such as in the cone.
Chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry such as in the cone.
the animals met my dad in First fly, then pig, then alligator.
the animals met my dad in First fly, then spider, then alligator.
the animals met my dad in First spider, then fly, and then alligator.
the animals met my dad in First alligator, then spider, then fly.
my dad not ate a dingdong because Dinner time was so far away and he had such a small lunch.
my dad not ate a dingdong because The yoghurt tasted much better.
my dad not ate a dingdong because Dinner time was so close and he had such a big lunch, he thought a yoghurt would be better. It's a much safer and better dessert.
my dad not ate a dingdong because The dingdong was too much money and did not taste good.
A spider and a fly animals dropped on his ice-cream cone.
Spider and a pig animals dropped on his ice-cream cone.
Fly and a bee animals dropped on his ice-cream cone.
Spider and a bee animals dropped on his ice-cream cone.
a side salad was ordered with the fish sandwich.
onion rings was ordered with the fish sandwich.
baked potato was ordered with the fish sandwich.
fries was ordered with the fish sandwich.
the cow ordered a side salad.
the donkey ordered a side salad.
the horse ordered a side salad.
the ox ordered a side salad.
the cow ordered a fish sandwich with Miracle Whip.
the cow ordered a chicken sandwich with ketchup.
the cow ordered a cheeseburger with mustard.
the cow ordered a chili dog with mayonnaise.
the ox ordered a cheeseburger.
the cow ordered a cheeseburger.
the donkey ordered a cheeseburger.
the horse ordered a cheeseburger.
Scott want to went by the river because To ride his bike and have fun.
Scott want to went by the river because To make his mom mad.
Scott want to went by the river because To fall into the water.
Scott want to went by the river because To go for a swim.
Green color were Scott's eyes.
Brown color were Scott's eyes.
Blue color were Scott's eyes.
Red color were Scott's eyes.
bicycle to is in House.
bicycle to is in Library.
bicycle to is in River.
bicycle to is in School.
in this are book Boscoe and Scott Alan.
in this are book Scott and Ray.
in this are book Bingo and Boscoe.
in this are book Alan and Tom.
Stinky Pete borrowed from James He borrowed a hammer.
Stinky Pete borrowed from James He borrowed a ladder and a bucket.
Stinky Pete borrowed from James He borrowed a rope.
Stinky Pete borrowed from James He borrowed a tool box.
Stinky Pete needed a bucket because To carry wood.
Stinky Pete needed a bucket because To carry nails.
Stinky Pete needed a bucket because To carry a ladder.
Stinky Pete needed a bucket because To carry a rope.
Stinky Pete building was A tool box.
Stinky Pete building was A ladder.
Stinky Pete building was A sidewalk.
Stinky Pete building was A tree house.
Green and orange color paint did they use on the tree house.
Red and blue color paint did they use on the tree house.
Red and orange color paint did they use on the tree house.
Green and blue color paint did they use on the tree house.
Did James get a treat? Yes, a plane kind was it.
Did James get a treat? No, he threw a temper tantrum kind was it.
Did James get a treat? Yes, a candy bar with peanuts and chocolate kind was it.
Did James get a treat? No, but he wanted one with peanut butter kind was it.
Jamesdo on the way to the store? What did did he see Washed his hair.
Jamesdo on the way to the store? What did did he see Slept.
Jamesdo on the way to the store? What did did he see Got muddy.
Jamesdo on the way to the store? What did did he see Leaned his head on the car window and saw flowers, people walking, and a chipmunk.
it is on Wednesday.
it is on Saturday.
it is on Monday.
it is on Friday.
A puppy can James get at the store if he is well behaved.
A spaceship can James get at the store if he is well behaved.
A bubble bath can James get at the store if he is well behaved.
A treat can James get at the store if he is well behaved.
John and Rick planted Thousands trees.
John and Rick planted Hundreds trees.
John and Rick planted 6 trees.
John and Rick planted 17 trees.
it take for the first peach to grew 10 years.
it take for the first peach to grew 17 years.
it take for the first peach to grew 1 years.
it take for the first peach to grew 6 years.
Rick was John's best friend.
Bob was John's best friend.
James was John's best friend.
Stephanie was John's best friend.
John and Rick both loved Thunder.
John and Rick both loved Peaches.
John and Rick both loved Trees.
John and Rick both loved Lunch.
Sammy likes wearing bows.
James likes wearing bows.
Katie likes wearing bows.
Her mother likes wearing bows.
Katie bought Chips.
Katie bought Chocolate cookies.
Katie bought Flowers.
Katie bought Bows.
Katie's dog , called June.
Katie's dog , called Katie.
Katie's dog , called Sammy.
Katie's dog , called James.
Her mother drove Katie to the store.
Sammy drove Katie to the store.
James drove Katie to the store.
Katie drove Katie to the store.
Mary and her grandma saw a movie Friday.
Mary and her grandma saw a movie Sunday.
Mary and her grandma saw a movie Saturday.
Mary and her grandma saw a movie Thursday.
Mary went on Thursday in To the movie theater.
Mary went on Thursday in To the park.
Mary went on Thursday in To her mom and dad's house.
Mary went on Thursday in To a restaurant.
 Whose house did Mary stay over Her friend's house.
 Whose house did Mary stay over A cat and dog's house.
 Whose house did Mary stay over Her grandma and grandpa's house.
 Whose house did Mary stay over Her mom and dad's house.
Mary eat for lunched on Thursday Pizza and salad.
Mary eat for lunched on Thursday Beef and rice.
Mary eat for lunched on Thursday Chicken and pasta.
Mary eat for lunched on Thursday Popcorn and candy.
Whiskers makes the paper balls the cats play with.
Pumpkin makes the paper balls the cats play with.
Snickers makes the paper balls the cats play with.
Brendan makes the paper balls the cats play with.
Brendan feeds his cats cake.
Brendan feeds his cats chips.
Brendan feeds his cats candy.
Brendan feeds his cats cat food and treats.
Brendan has 7 cats.
Brendan has 3 cats.
Brendan has 1 cats.
Brendan has 8 cats.
Brendan's favorite cat , called Snowball.
Brendan's favorite cat , called Jackie.
Brendan's favorite cat , called Fluffy.
Brendan's favorite cat , called Salem.
John thought it was dumb to play inside.
Rose thought it was dumb to play inside.
Dave's Bro thought it was dumb to play inside.
Dave thought it was dumb to play inside.
Rose ate it happened to Rose's slice of cake.
Rose gave it to Dave who brought it home for his Bro happened to Rose's slice of cake.
The cat ate it happened to Rose's slice of cake.
It was thrown away happened to Rose's slice of cake.
Rose and Dave were playing in the living room.
John, Rose, and Dave were playing in the living room.
John and Dave were playing in the living room.
John's Dad and Dave's Bro were playing in the living room.
Dave's hands and the cake were not touched by the ball.
Rose's notebook and the lamp were not touched by the ball.
The lamp were not touched by the ball.
The dishes and the cat were not touched by the ball.
Ruth's father treated the cut He used medicine.
Ruth's father treated the cut He cleaned it with medicine and put on a bandage.
Ruth's father treated the cut He put on a bandage.
Ruth's father treated the cut He told her to ignore the cut.
Ruth hurt herself She screamed.
Ruth hurt herself She put on a bandage.
Ruth hurt herself She used medicine.
Ruth hurt herself She tripped.
Ruth doing when she was got hurt Putting on a bandage.
Ruth doing when she was got hurt Screaming.
Ruth doing when she was got hurt Running.
Ruth doing when she was got hurt Talking.
Her mother helped Ruth with her cut.
A friend helped Ruth with her cut.
Herself helped Ruth with her cut.
Her "daddy" helped Ruth with her cut.
Kelly hide the flowers a second timed because Because the first spot was too easy.
Kelly hide the flowers a second timed because Her baby sister Morgan might have told mother the first spot.
Kelly hide the flowers a second timed because So mother couldn't find them.
Kelly hide the flowers a second timed because So her baby sister Morgan wouldn't eat them.
Kelly collecting flowers because To give to her baby sister.
Kelly collecting flowers because Just for fun.
Kelly collecting flowers because It was mother's day.
Kelly collecting flowers because Her mother was sick.
mother's favorite was All of them.
mother's favorite was The middle one.
mother's favorite was The smallest one.
mother's favorite was The big one.
After Kelly picked the flowers time did Kelly's mother wake up.
8:30 AM time did Kelly's mother wake up.
8:30 PM time did Kelly's mother wake up.
When Kelly woke up time did Kelly's mother wake up.
the boy ate for breakfast Waffles.
the boy ate for breakfast Eggs.
the boy ate for breakfast Pancakes.
the boy ate for breakfast Cereal.
The team the boy was on won and they all got free pizza and ice cream won the game and what did the boy win.
It was a tie game so the boy won a trophy won the game and what did the boy win.
The team the boy was on won and they each got a trophy won the game and what did the boy win.
The team the boy was not on won and they each won a medal won the game and what did the boy win.
the boy did after the game He told his parents all about it and fell asleep.
the boy did after the game It rained so everyone got muddy and the boy fell in a puddle.
the boy did after the game The team ate pizza after the game.
the boy did after the game He went to eat ice cream where his ice cream fell on the floor.
No one, it was tied won the game.
It rained so the game was not played won the game.
The team the boy was not on won the game.
The team the boy was on won the game.
the pink rabbit feel sad because She ran out of sunflower seeds.
the pink rabbit feel sad because She was stung by a bee.
the pink rabbit feel sad because There are no birds in the park today.
the pink rabbit feel sad because She knows that the blue dinosaur can't play on the seesaw.
the rabbit feeds the birds pizza.
the rabbit feeds the birds candy bars.
the rabbit feeds the birds corn.
the rabbit feeds the birds sunflower seeds.
the rabbit love being in the park because She loves sitting on benches.
the rabbit love being in the park because She loves bird watching.
the rabbit love being in the park because She loves eating sunflower seeds.
the rabbit love being in the park because She loves riding on seesaws.
can't the blue dinosaur play on the seesaw because He doesn't like playing on seesaws.
can't the blue dinosaur play on the seesaw because He likes watching birds.
can't the blue dinosaur play on the seesaw because He is alone.
can't the blue dinosaur play on the seesaw because He likes watching pink rabbits.
my sister and I did in the car and what could I notdo We played with dolls. I could not play easy games.
my sister and I did in the car and what could I notdo We played with dolls and played easy games. I could not read or eat in the car.
my sister and I did in the car and what could I notdo we read and ate food. I could not play with dolls.
my sister and I did in the car and what could I notdo We played easy games and ate food. I could not play easy games or read.
my mom sat in the car in In the back seat with my sister.
my mom sat in the car in In the back seat with me.
my mom sat in the car in In the front seat with dad.
my mom sat in the car in She did not come with us.
my family in the car was Over 12 hours hours.
my family in the car was Over 11 hours hours.
my family in the car was Over 10 hours hours.
my family in the car was Over 13 hours hours.
we see and what 1 animal did did we not see Dolphin, turtle, and fish. Did not see a shark.
we see and what 1 animal did did we not see Turtle, dolphin, and shark. Did not a see a fish.
we see and what 1 animal did did we not see Fish, turtle, and shark. Did not see a dolphin.
we see and what 1 animal did did we not see Shark, dolphin, and fish. Did not see a turtle.
Orange, Blue color boots did Clementine buy, and what pairdid she end up with.
Red, Brown color boots did Clementine buy, and what pairdid she end up with.
Blue, Orange color boots did Clementine buy, and what pairdid she end up with.
Blue, Red color boots did Clementine buy, and what pairdid she end up with.
the cowgirl's was name Clementine.
the cowgirl's was name Blackberry.
the cowgirl's was name Strawberry.
the cowgirl's was name Orange.
the cowgirl did before buying new boots She ate an orange.
the cowgirl did before buying new boots She ate a strawberry.
the cowgirl did before buying new boots She called her friend.
the cowgirl did before buying new boots She smoked a cigarette.
Clementine bought at the mall boots and a Blackberry.
Clementine bought at the mall boots.
Clementine bought at the mall boots and a strawberry.
Clementine bought at the mall boots and a pretzel.
Andrew need todo before he could went to the circus eat some peanuts.
Andrew need todo before he could went to the circus watch TV.
Andrew need todo before he could went to the circus do some tricks.
Andrew need todo before he could went to the circus feed his goldfish.
the elephant down the slide.
Andrew down the slide.
the goldfish down the slide.
Andrew's dad down the slide.
the elephant ate peanuts in the story.
Andrew ate peanuts in the story.
Andrew and his goldfish ate peanuts in the story.
Andrew and his dad ate peanuts in the story.
Andrew read the newspaper with his dad because Andrew was bored and looking for ideas for the afternoon.
Andrew read the newspaper with his dad because Andrew's dad likes reading.
Andrew read the newspaper with his dad because Andrew liked the picture of the elephant.
Andrew read the newspaper with his dad because Andrew likes reading.
Billy smelt the mix because he is a mean cat.
Billy smelt the mix because He likes vanilla sauce.
Billy smelt the mix because it was on the floor near him.
Billy smelt the mix because he didn't smell it.
Mom is the narrator making cake for.
Dad is the narrator making cake for.
Abigail is the narrator making cake for.
Billy is the narrator making cake for.
Abigail preferred orange sauce.
Billy preferred orange sauce.
the narrator preferred orange sauce.
Mom and Dad preferred orange sauce.
the surprise at was school going to be a bottle of sauce.
the surprise at was school going to be cake for the whole class.
the surprise at was school going to be baking help.
the surprise at was school going to be oranges for the whole class.
Cindy loves to take lots of baths.
Thomas loves to take lots of baths.
Edgar loves to take lots of baths.
Martin loves to take lots of baths.
Martin threw rocks at Maxine and Thomas.
Edgar threw rocks at Maxine and Thomas.
Maxine's dad threw rocks at Maxine and Thomas.
Cindy threw rocks at Maxine and Thomas.
Maxine's dad yelled at Cindy because She didn't take a bath.
Maxine's dad yelled at Cindy because She played in the water.
Maxine's dad yelled at Cindy because She was swimming.
Maxine's dad yelled at Cindy because She threw rocks.
Maxine is friends with Thomas.
Martin is friends with Thomas.
Cindy is friends with Thomas.
Edgar is friends with Thomas.
Jill sad after school because Her mom was angry at her.
Jill sad after school because She didn't eat dinner.
Jill sad after school because Her new toy wasn't fun to play with.
Jill sad after school because Her teacher had given her a lot of homework.
Jill ate her favorite snack on After she went to bed.
Jill ate her favorite snack on Before dinner.
Jill ate her favorite snack on After dinner.
Jill ate her favorite snack on Before school.
name of the robot Jill was made Brownies.
name of the robot Jill was made Wiggle Giggle.
name of the robot Jill was made Mister Sparks.
name of the robot Jill was made Jill.
From Broken parts of toys things did Jill make her robot.
From Her friends things did Jill make her robot.
From Parts of her bed things did Jill make her robot.
From Parts of her new toy things did Jill make her robot.
under the table was an orange and some chocolate.
under the table was a booger and a balloon.
under the table was a crayon and a seed.
under the table was snow and an alligator.
It popped happened to the balloon.
It flew under a seed happened to the balloon.
It fell on top of an alligator happened to the balloon.
It flew above a house happened to the balloon.
the booger on was a window.
the booger on was a table.
the booger on was a balloon.
the booger on was the snow.
on the table was an alligator.
on the table was a crayon and a seed.
on the table was snow and a booger.
on the table was an orange and some chocolate.
the punch meant to was be The punch was meant to be strawberry flavor.
the punch meant to was be The punch was meant to be soap flavored.
the punch meant to was be The punch was meant to be weird flavored.
the punch meant to was be The punch was meant to be bear flavored.
Frank put in the punch, and what did he mean to put in the punch Frank put a box in the punch. He meant to put soap.
Frank put in the punch, and what did he mean to put in the punch Frank put his cowboy hat in the punch. He meant to put the bear costume in.
Frank put in the punch, and what did he mean to put in the punch Frank put soap in the punch. He meant to put sugar in the punch.
Frank put in the punch, and what did he mean to put in the punch Frank put a bear costume in the punch. He meant to put strawberries.
the guestsdo when they tasted that there was something wronged with the punch They read the soap box to find out if it was safe to drink.
the guestsdo when they tasted that there was something wronged with the punch They drank it anyway to be nice. Then they planned to help next year.
the guestsdo when they tasted that there was something wronged with the punch They made fun of Frank.
the guestsdo when they tasted that there was something wronged with the punch They didn't drink it.
Frank dressed like a bear because His other clothes had punch spilled on them.
Frank dressed like a bear because He liked bears.
Frank dressed like a bear because It was a holiday. It was what they did in that town to celebrate.
Frank dressed like a bear because He wanted to scare his guests.
the cub laying was in at night.
the cub laying was in in the monkey's claws.
the cub laying was in one summer day.
the cub laying was in on a straw bed.
the animal DOESN'T that have claws is lions.
the animal DOESN'T that have claws is monkeys.
the animal DOESN'T that have claws is snakes.
the animal DOESN'T that have claws is birds.
the people crying and taking pictures because because it's the circle of life.
the people crying and taking pictures because because it was a real-life "Lion King".
the people crying and taking pictures because because monkeys have claws.
the people crying and taking pictures because because the lions allowed the monkey to take the cub.
the monkey walked from with the cub in from the people.
the monkey walked from with the cub in from the gate.
the monkey walked from with the cub in from the jungle.
the monkey walked from with the cub in from the cub's mother.
the Grandmother's was name Jessica.
the Grandmother's was name Annie.
the Grandmother's was name Becky.
the Grandmother's was name Melanie.
not belongs to Jessica Dog.
not belongs to Jessica Ducks.
not belongs to Jessica Chickens.
not belongs to Jessica Cat.
the cat's was name Annie.
the cat's was name Becky.
the cat's was name Melanie.
the cat's was name Jessica.
Melanie wished Jessica a happy birthday over the telephone.
Josh wished Jessica a happy birthday over the telephone.
Annie wished Jessica a happy birthday over the telephone.
Jack wished Jessica a happy birthday over the telephone.
Paul did Charles not ride with.
His father did Charles not ride with.
Harry did Charles not ride with.
Peter did Charles not ride with.
Charles went on a bike ride with his father on Friday.
Charles went on a bike ride with his father on Saturday.
Charles went on a bike ride with his father on Thursday.
Charles went on a bike ride with his father on Sunday.
Charles fell on Before he saw Anne.
Charles fell on While riding with Peter.
Charles fell on While he was riding with Paul.
Charles fell on After he saw Claire.
the girl Charles likes, called Anne.
the girl Charles likes, called Claire.
the girl Charles likes, called Kelley.
the girl Charles likes, called Beth.
His dad helped Timmy with his homework.
His mom helped Timmy with his homework.
His grandmother helped Timmy with his homework.
His grandfather helped Timmy with his homework.
His mom would cook Timmy dinner after he worked on his math.
His dad would cook Timmy dinner after he worked on his math.
His grandmother would cook Timmy dinner after he worked on his math.
Timmy would cook it himself would cook Timmy dinner after he worked on his math.
Timmy's grandmother so nice because She would watch television.
Timmy's grandmother so nice because She had a kitchen.
Timmy's grandmother so nice because She would help with homework.
Timmy's grandmother so nice because She liked math.
A worker had Timmy's grandfather been.
A math teacher had Timmy's grandfather been.
A cook had Timmy's grandfather been.
A farmer had Timmy's grandfather been.
Joey and his dad was playing outside.
Joey's mom was playing outside.
Billy was playing outside.
Joey and Billy was playing outside.
Joey was upset about Joey's dad was late.
Joey was upset about Joey's mom didn't give him a snack.
Joey was upset about He left his baseball glove outside.
Joey was upset about Billy was mean to him.
Joey and Billy saw the rainbow Joey saw the sky clearing up behind his dad and they ran outside.
Joey and Billy saw the rainbow Joey's mom showed them one on TV.
Joey and Billy saw the rainbow One was drawn on the baseball glove.
Joey and Billy saw the rainbow They saw it through the window.
Joey's dad came home made the boys come inside.
Billy didn't like baseball made the boys come inside.
It started to rain made the boys come inside.
Joey's mom made them come inside made the boys come inside.
Books about traveling to different states type of books are Karen's favorites.
Books about airplanes, cars, and trains type of books are Karen's favorites.
Books about dinosaurs, cowboys, and fireworks type of books are Karen's favorites.
Books about librarians type of books are Karen's favorites.
Books about James and Karen type of books are Michael's favorites.
Books about dressing up like a clown type of books are Michael's favorites.
Books about dinosaurs, cowboys, and fireworks type of books are Michael's favorites.
Books about libraries type of books are Michael's favorites.
Karen and Michael go to the library because Because they like the librarian, Mr. Hernandez.
Karen and Michael go to the library because There are cowboys who sometimes perform in the library.
Karen and Michael go to the library because To look at the new cars in the parking lot.
Karen and Michael go to the library because To learn about things and to read fun and exciting stories.
Mr. Hernandez know what kind of books Michael and Karen like because Because they are in the library a lot.
Mr. Hernandez know what kind of books Michael and Karen like because Because Karen told him that she liked dinosaurs.
Mr. Hernandez know what kind of books Michael and Karen like because Because James told Mr. Hernandez what books Karen and Michael like.
Mr. Hernandez know what kind of books Michael and Karen like because Because Michael told him that he liked fireworks.
animals that liked the bottom of the tree is Birds.
animals that liked the bottom of the tree is Cats.
animals that liked the bottom of the tree is Rabbits, dogs and frogs.
animals that liked the bottom of the tree is Lizards.
the tree being cut down because It was sick.
the tree being cut down because It was dying.
the tree being cut down because It was weak.
the tree being cut down because It was old.
A park would be put in the place of the tree.
A jungle gym would be put in the place of the tree.
A mall would be put in the place of the tree.
A new tree would be planted would be put in the place of the tree.
ice that cream did John get is Chocolate.
ice that cream did John get is Vanilla.
ice that cream did John get is Fudge.
ice that cream did John get is Strawberry.
blue color was the candy.
green color was the candy.
yellow color was the candy.
pink color was the candy.
name of the girl who gave Luke the candy was Jessica.
name of the girl who gave Luke the candy was Tina.
name of the girl who gave Luke the candy was George.
name of the girl who gave Luke the candy was Mary.
name of the boy starting day care for the first time was Luke.
name of the boy starting day care for the first time was Jessica.
name of the boy starting day care for the first time was George.
name of the boy starting day care for the first time was Manny.
blue color was the seat Luke sat in.
green color was the seat Luke sat in.
orange color was the seat Luke sat in.
pink color was the seat Luke sat in.
I ate two of Carrots.
I ate two of Hamburgers.
I ate two of Hotdogs.
I ate two of Salad.
the family did on Sunday Went to a picnic.
the family did on Sunday Made hotdogs.
the family did on Sunday Went for a swim.
the family did on Sunday Went to church.
the dog's is name Picnic.
the dog's is name Alice.
the dog's is name Jon.
the dog's is name Sissy.
mom doing at the beginning was Playing with Sissy.
mom doing at the beginning was Making a salad.
mom doing at the beginning was Setting out the picnic cloth.
mom doing at the beginning was Playing with Alice.
Becky wanted to get prizes Her dog.
Becky wanted to get prizes Her parents.
Becky wanted to get prizes Her friends and her.
Becky wanted to get prizes Her teacher.
Becky did really well Dream.
Becky did really well Write.
Becky did really well Spell.
Becky did really well Sing.
Becky's parents did with her Walked to school.
Becky's parents did with her Practiced spelling.
Becky's parents did with her Dreamed.
Becky's parents did with her Learned to cheat.
Becky want to get the highest graded on The spelling test.
Becky want to get the highest graded on Making a big breakfast.
Becky want to get the highest graded on Making friends.
Becky want to get the highest graded on Reading.
the trouble making turtle, called Pudding.
the trouble making turtle, called Jane.
the trouble making turtle, called James.
the trouble making turtle, called Fries.
James go after he went to the grocery stored in his freezer.
James go after he went to the grocery stored in a fast food restaurant.
James go after he went to the grocery stored in his room.
James go after he went to the grocery stored in his deck.
Jamesdo after he did ordered the fries made up his mind to be a better turtle.
Jamesdo after he did ordered the fries went home without paying.
Jamesdo after he did ordered the fries went to the grocery store.
Jamesdo after he did ordered the fries ate them.
James pulled off of the shelves in the grocery store pudding.
James pulled off of the shelves in the grocery store food.
James pulled off of the shelves in the grocery store splinters.
James pulled off of the shelves in the grocery store fries.
David went to the store because He wanted to start a garden.
David went to the store because He wanted to buy food.
David went to the store because He wanted to buy movies.
David went to the store because He wanted to get jewelry for his mother.
David bought at the store Jewelry.
David bought at the store Seeds.
David bought at the store Movies.
David bought at the store Books.
David asked to help him at the garden store His friend Anthony.
David asked to help him at the garden store The sales clerk.
David asked to help him at the garden store His family.
David asked to help him at the garden store His friends.
Tree seeds type of seeds did David buy.
Flower seeds type of seeds did David buy.
Plant seeds type of seeds did David buy.
Vegetable seeds type of seeds did David buy.
Susando with the dirt she did swept up She swept it out to the street.
Susando with the dirt she did swept up She put it into a bin in the front yard.
Susando with the dirt she did swept up She left it on the porch.
Susando with the dirt she did swept up She put it in the kitchen trash can.
She swept the porch job did Susan complete last.
She made lunch job did Susan complete last.
She washed the windows job did Susan complete last.
She changed the light bulb job did Susan complete last.
Susan spent doing chores The whole afternoon.
Susan spent doing chores All Friday night.
Susan spent doing chores Two afternoons.
Susan spent doing chores All morning.
 How much money did Susan's grandmother give her the last time she helped Five dollars.
 How much money did Susan's grandmother give her the last time she helped Four dollars.
 How much money did Susan's grandmother give her the last time she helped One dollar.
 How much money did Susan's grandmother give her the last time she helped Six dollars.
it take for Katie to makes her favorite food one steps.
it take for Katie to makes her favorite food four steps.
it take for Katie to makes her favorite food five steps.
it take for Katie to makes her favorite food three steps.
Katie goes to the store on First.
Katie goes to the store on Fourth.
Katie goes to the store on Second.
Katie goes to the store on Third.
It was gone happened when Katie took the pizza out of the oven.
It was done happened when Katie took the pizza out of the oven.
It was burned happened when Katie took the pizza out of the oven.
It was gross happened when Katie took the pizza out of the oven.
Katie's favorite food is tomato.
Katie's favorite food is cheese.
Katie's favorite food is pizza.
Katie's favorite food is cheeseburgers.
Laura set out drinks and snacks.
Graham set out drinks and snacks.
Judy set out drinks and snacks.
Mike set out drinks and snacks.
Mike was the party for.
Graham was the party for.
Judy was the party for.
Laura was the party for.
Judy going to College for was to become a scientist.
Judy going to College for was to become an engineer.
Judy going to College for was to become a Lawyer.
Judy going to College for was to become a doctor.
Graham was Judy bringing to the party.
Judy was Judy bringing to the party.
Mike was Judy bringing to the party.
Laura was Judy bringing to the party.
Pauly when the zoo worker saw him was in Looking at the monkeys.
Pauly when the zoo worker saw him was in Sailing on a boat.
Pauly when the zoo worker saw him was in Asleep on a bench.
Pauly when the zoo worker saw him was in Walking down a path.
Pauly feel he didn't belong in the monkey caged because Because he wasn't a monkey.
Pauly feel he didn't belong in the monkey caged because Because he was a zoo worker.
Pauly feel he didn't belong in the monkey caged because Because he didn't fall asleep.
Pauly feel he didn't belong in the monkey caged because Because he was hairy.
Garth yelled "That's no monkey, that's Pauly.
Zip yelled "That's no monkey, that's Pauly.
Pat yelled "That's no monkey, that's Pauly.
James yelled "That's no monkey, that's Pauly.
Pauly asking the people watching him to wasdo Feed him.
Pauly asking the people watching him to wasdo Shave him.
Pauly asking the people watching him to wasdo Brush his hair.
Pauly asking the people watching him to wasdo Talk to him.
James' mother right because Because James looked out the window.
James' mother right because Because the rain got James wet.
James' mother right because Because she is the mother.
James' mother right because Because James caught a cold when he got wet.
James played with outside A turtle.
James played with outside The other children.
James played with outside A circle.
James played with outside A piece of wood.
the mother looked so serious because Because the puddle was not very fun.
the mother looked so serious because Because James went outside when it was raining.
the mother looked so serious because Because James caught a cold.
the mother looked so serious because Because her hands were on her hips.
James played with outside A turtle.
James played with outside Nobody.
James played with outside The other children.
James played with outside A piece of wood.
pears fruit did Emily choose.
lemons fruit did Emily choose.
apples fruit did Emily choose.
bananas fruit did Emily choose.
Emily chose strawberry.
Emily chose vanilla.
Emily chose peach.
Emily chose blueberry.
Emily and her mother chose to went in the swimming pool.
Emily and her mother chose to went in the park.
Emily and her mother chose to went in to school.
Emily and her mother chose to went in the grocery store.
Emily gave the cashier one pennies.
Emily gave the cashier four pennies.
Emily gave the cashier none pennies.
Emily gave the cashier two pennies.
black color rain boots did the tiny pig wear.
red color rain boots did the tiny pig wear.
yellow color rain boots did the tiny pig wear.
brown color rain boots did the tiny pig wear.
the tiny pig left at home his car.
the tiny pig left at home his rain boots.
the tiny pig left at home his apples.
the tiny pig left at home his bib.
the tiny pig wore boots, a coat, and a hat because So he could eat lunch.
the tiny pig wore boots, a coat, and a hat because To go out in the rain.
the tiny pig wore boots, a coat, and a hat because So he could drive a car.
the tiny pig wore boots, a coat, and a hat because To keep the mud off his pink skin.
the tiny pig got all over himself corn pieces.
the tiny pig got all over himself bread crumbs.
the tiny pig got all over himself oats.
the tiny pig got all over himself apple slices.
Mark and his granddaddy found by following the river Many plants and flowers.
Mark and his granddaddy found by following the river His parents.
Mark and his granddaddy found by following the river A pond.
Mark and his granddaddy found by following the river Another river.
the goldfish pond was located in By the river behind Mark's granddaddy's house.
the goldfish pond was located in At Mark's house.
the goldfish pond was located in At Mark's parents other house.
the goldfish pond was located in In Mark's friend's backyard.
Mark leave for his granddaddy's housed on Before he called his granddaddy.
Mark leave for his granddaddy's housed on In the afternoon.
Mark leave for his granddaddy's housed on After lunch.
Mark leave for his granddaddy's housed on Before lunch.
Mark got that day A free lunch.
Mark got that day A television for his room.
Mark got that day A letter from his granddaddy.
Mark got that day Many different goldfish.
Cherries and Pears type of fruits are in the basket.
Grapes and watermelon type of fruits are in the basket.
Bananas and grapefruits type of fruits are in the basket.
Pear, Grape and apple type of fruits are in the basket.
the pear's friends' names are Artie &amp; Gertie.
the pear's friends' names are Grape.
the pear's friends' names are Little boy.
the pear's friends' names are Apple.
the pear's is name Apple.
the pear's is name Gertie.
the pear's is name Paul.
the pear's is name Artie.
the little boy doesdo to the pear Throw him on the floor.
the little boy doesdo to the pear Cut him open.
the little boy doesdo to the pear Put him on the table.
the little boy doesdo to the pear Take a bite of him.
Red color bicycle was not in the race.
Yellow color bicycle was not in the race.
Green color bicycle was not in the race.
White color bicycle was not in the race.
Todd helped Anita when she fell.
Juan helped Anita when she fell.
Anita's mother helped Anita when she fell.
Jasper helped Anita when she fell.
Crashing into another bicycle caused Anita to fall.
A broken chain caused Anita to fall.
Slippery grass caused Anita to fall.
Jasper's cheating caused Anita to fall.
A blue bicycle color bicycle won the race.
A red bicycle color bicycle won the race.
A white bicycle color bicycle won the race.
A green bicycle color bicycle won the race.
six people got pies.
five people got pies.
four people got pies.
seven people got pies.
the balloon land to delivered the pies one times.
the balloon land to delivered the pies three times.
the balloon land to delivered the pies six times.
the balloon land to delivered the pies zero times.
Mrs. Kenner liked to deliver pies.
Mr. Jones liked to deliver pies.
Josh liked to deliver pies.
Mrs. Smith liked to deliver pies.
Josh's dog , called Sue.
Josh's dog , called Frisbee.
Josh's dog , called Bobby.
Josh's dog , called Rex.
Towel was not taken to the beach.
Beach ball was not taken to the beach.
Shovel was not taken to the beach.
Bicycle was not taken to the beach.
Frank not gave Bob's dad Ladder.
Frank not gave Bob's dad Coloring book.
Frank not gave Bob's dad Toy car.
Frank not gave Bob's dad Bicycle.
Bob's dad have to wait for when he did walked next door Seagull.
Bob's dad have to wait for when he did walked next door Cat.
Bob's dad have to wait for when he did walked next door Dog.
Bob's dad have to wait for when he did walked next door Duck.
Plane toy was Bob playing with that got stuck on the roof.
Boat toy was Bob playing with that got stuck on the roof.
Train toy was Bob playing with that got stuck on the roof.
Car toy was Bob playing with that got stuck on the roof.
Mary bring for lunched Five cups of soup.
Mary bring for lunched Two cups of soup.
Mary bring for lunched Three cups of soup.
Mary bring for lunched One cups of soup.
Purple color is Steve's boat.
Blue color is Steve's boat.
Orange color is Steve's boat.
Red color is Steve's boat.
Mary gave Bobby's mom the orange hat.
Bobby gave Bobby's mom the orange hat.
Steve gave Bobby's mom the orange hat.
Billy gave Bobby's mom the orange hat.
Steve's favorite thing to isdo Eat dinner.
Steve's favorite thing to isdo Ride in his boat.
Steve's favorite thing to isdo Make sandwiches.
Steve's favorite thing to isdo Fishing.
sunrise time of day did Jack try to save the princess.
sunset time of day did Jack try to save the princess.
night time of day did Jack try to save the princess.
day time of day did Jack try to save the princess.
the evil dragon's was name Linda.
the evil dragon's was name Ryan.
the evil dragon's was name Chris.
the evil dragon's was name Jack.
Jack had Wings.
Jack had Big scales.
Jack had A Mean look.
Jack had Claws.
the castle looked like large and big.
the castle looked like clean and special.
the castle looked like small and old.
the castle looked like old and dirty.
Joey was scared of A weird bug.
Joey was scared of Ginger.
Joey was scared of The summer.
Joey was scared of A bath.
name of one of the dogs was Watermelon.
name of one of the dogs was Mom.
name of one of the dogs was Ginger.
name of one of the dogs was Bert.
Bert so angry today because Ginger and Joey were barking too much.
Bert so angry today because Ginger and Joey took a bath in his tub.
Bert so angry today because Ginger and Joey were running in his backyard.
Bert so angry today because Ginger and Joey ate his watermelon.
Ginger and Joey barked at Their mom.
Ginger and Joey barked at The tub.
Ginger and Joey barked at The mailman.
Ginger and Joey barked at Bert.
the witch's best was treat she made Grape Pie.
the witch's best was treat she made Strawberry Eggs.
the witch's best was treat she made Orange Pizza.
the witch's best was treat she made Blueberry Sandwitchs.
the witch late to town because She had to stop and make medicine.
the witch late to town because She ate some of the eggs.
the witch late to town because She got lost and the wagon's wheel broke.
the witch late to town because She went to a party.
the witch wanted MOST from the people To be invited to parties.
the witch wanted MOST from the people To be asked to cook for them.
the witch wanted MOST from the people To be the town leader.
the witch wanted MOST from the people To be friends with them.
A cook tried the eggs first.
Sheriff tried the eggs first.
Town's Baker tried the eggs first.
Town's leader tried the eggs first.
Tom played Baseball and basketball.
Tom played Baseball and soccer.
Tom played Baseball only.
Tom played Baseball and football.
His mom told Tom that his family would be at all the games.
His grandma told Tom that his family would be at all the games.
His grandpa told Tom that his family would be at all the games.
His dad told Tom that his family would be at all the games.
Tom's family bought him to celebrate A baseball.
Tom's family bought him to celebrate A cake.
Tom's family bought him to celebrate A car.
Tom's family bought him to celebrate New clothes.
Tom when the man who worked for the Yankees talked to him was in The baseball field.
Tom when the man who worked for the Yankees talked to him was in At a game.
Tom when the man who worked for the Yankees talked to him was in At dinner.
Tom when the man who worked for the Yankees talked to him was in Home.
the mother brought home dinner.
the mother brought home popcorn.
the mother brought home a movie.
the mother brought home the newspaper.
Tom sit to watched the movie in on the couch.
Tom sit to watched the movie in On the striped rug.
Tom sit to watched the movie in In the blue chair.
Tom sit to watched the movie in At the kitchen table.
Tom did after dinner Cleared away the plates.
Tom did after dinner Made popcorn.
Tom did after dinner Climbed in the blue chair.
Tom did after dinner Read the newspaper.
Tom's father likes movies about spaceships.
Tom's father likes movies with animals.
Tom's father likes movies about Knights.
Tom's father likes movies about cars.
Tom gave his dog at the end of the party a pencil.
Tom gave his dog at the end of the party a drive on the road.
Tom gave his dog at the end of the party a dingdong.
Tom gave his dog at the end of the party a treat.
Tom think his dog was going to died because He wouldn't eat his treat.
Tom think his dog was going to died because He chewed a pencil.
Tom think his dog was going to died because He was going to have a crazy party.
Tom think his dog was going to died because He got too old.
Tom had a dingdong.
Tom had a pencil.
Tom had a dog.
Tom had a nana.
Tom threw his dog a party because It was his dog's birthday.
Tom threw his dog a party because His dogs nana was coming to visit.
Tom threw his dog a party because His dog loves parties.
Tom threw his dog a party because His dog was going to die.
the woman try to feeds the baby A frog-shaped spoon.
the woman try to feeds the baby A banana.
the woman try to feeds the baby A rhyme.
the woman try to feeds the baby Cookies.
the doctor help the woman did yesterday Sing to the baby.
the doctor help the woman did yesterday Feed the baby.
the doctor help the woman did yesterday Teach the baby to use the toilet.
the doctor help the woman did yesterday Wash the baby.
the rhyme about is The doctor.
the rhyme about is The baby.
the rhyme about is The cat that jumped over the moon.
the rhyme about is The young mother.
the doctor have that the baby likes to plays with A rattle.
the doctor have that the baby likes to plays with Food.
the doctor have that the baby likes to plays with The toilet.
the doctor have that the baby likes to plays with A beard.
Granddaddy was stuffing melons in the holes in the tree.
Little Chip was stuffing melons in the holes in the tree.
Mom was stuffing melons in the holes in the tree.
Aunt Chippa was stuffing melons in the holes in the tree.
Chip know they did weren't getting ready for a party because Aunt Chippa was trying to hurry everyone.
Chip know they did weren't getting ready for a party because Granddaddy wouldn't like a party.
Chip know they did weren't getting ready for a party because Everyone was so busy.
Chip know they did weren't getting ready for a party because There was too much food for one party.
Little Chip saw another chipmunk doing to the ground Planting some melons.
Little Chip saw another chipmunk doing to the ground Building a seesaw.
Little Chip saw another chipmunk doing to the ground Planting a tree.
Little Chip saw another chipmunk doing to the ground Digging and putting food there.
in the story were 4 of Chip's family.
in the story were 1 of Chip's family.
in the story were 3 of Chip's family.
in the story were 2 of Chip's family.
Henry grew Potatoes.
Henry grew Tomatoes.
Henry grew Bananas.
Henry grew Corn.
Brown color was Callie's Horse.
Black color was Callie's Horse.
White color was Callie's Horse.
Red color was Callie's Horse.
Henry's neighbors was name James.
Henry's neighbors was name Callie.
Henry's neighbors was name David.
Henry's neighbors was name Henry.
Callie's husbands was name David.
Callie's husbands was name Callie.
Callie's husbands was name Henry.
Callie's husbands was name James.
in Timmy's package was A hose.
in Timmy's package was Orange juice.
in Timmy's package was A water gun.
in Timmy's package was Water balloons.
Timmy's dad cooked for dinner Fish.
Timmy's dad cooked for dinner Hotdogs and hamburgers.
Timmy's dad cooked for dinner A sandwich.
Timmy's dad cooked for dinner Toast.
Timmy run downed Eleven steps.
Timmy run downed Seven steps.
Timmy run downed Five steps.
Timmy run downed Nine steps.
Timmy's dog's was name Suzie.
Timmy's dog's was name Lucky.
Timmy's dog's was name Ryan.
Timmy's dog's was name Betty.
he asked for strawberries 1 friends.
he asked for strawberries 2 friends.
he asked for strawberries 4 friends.
he asked for strawberries 3 friends.
David finally had a strawberry for Andy.
Billy finally had a strawberry for Andy.
Charlie finally had a strawberry for Andy.
Eric finally had a strawberry for Andy.
Strawberry fruit did any really want to eat.
Apple fruit did any really want to eat.
Watermelon fruit did any really want to eat.
Banana fruit did any really want to eat.
Andy thought of the strawberry It was fruity.
Andy thought of the strawberry It was tasty.
Andy thought of the strawberry It was sweet.
Andy thought of the strawberry It was gross.
Hailey standing in her kitchen because She wanted to eat pasta.
Hailey standing in her kitchen because She wanted to make a grocery list.
Hailey standing in her kitchen because She was thinking about what she wanted to make for dinner.
Hailey standing in her kitchen because She was getting her car keys.
Hailey saw at the store her friend, Beth.
Hailey saw at the store her brother, Steve.
Hailey saw at the store her sister, Beth.
Hailey saw at the store her friend, Steve.
Hailey want to took her car to the store because She wanted to pick up her friend, Beth.
Hailey want to took her car to the store because She wanted to stop at Macy's on the way.
Hailey want to took her car to the store because It would be faster and it was getting dark.
Hailey want to took her car to the store because She loves driving.
Hailey finally want to made for dinner Chili.
Hailey finally want to made for dinner pasta.
Hailey finally want to made for dinner steak.
Hailey finally want to made for dinner pork-chops.
 Angie said hello to someone.  Who was it the man at the return desk.
 Angie said hello to someone.  Who was it Miss Hudson.
 Angie said hello to someone.  Who was it Lilly.
 Angie said hello to someone.  Who was it her mother.
Angie did in the reading room She listened to a story.
Angie did in the reading room She sat in a brown chair.
Angie did in the reading room She read a book.
Angie did in the reading room She sat in a red chair.
Angie's mother found the book in the adult reading room.
Angie's mother found the book in the Children's room.
Angie's mother found the book in the return desk.
Angie's mother found the book in the Mystery section.
Angie drew at Story Hour Her mother.
Angie drew at Story Hour her brother.
Angie drew at Story Hour Miss Hudson.
Angie drew at Story Hour Her friend Lilly.
Thomas was 9 years old.
Thomas was 10 years old.
Thomas was 8 years old.
Thomas was 11 years old.
not part of Thomas's was costume Black cloth.
not part of Thomas's was costume A black jacket.
not part of Thomas's was costume Black gloves.
not part of Thomas's was costume Angel wings.
Thomas's Halloween was costume An angel.
Thomas's Halloween was costume A wolf.
Thomas's Halloween was costume A scarecrow.
Thomas's Halloween was costume A ghost.
did Thomas scare Michael and Brianna He wouldn't answer when they asked about his costume.
did Thomas scare Michael and Brianna He was dressed as a scarecrow.
did Thomas scare Michael and Brianna He ran out of the bushes dressed as a wolf.
did Thomas scare Michael and Brianna He went trick-or-treating with them.
Robert's favorite was treat chocolate bars.
Robert's favorite was treat cookies.
Robert's favorite was treat a potato.
Robert's favorite was treat jelly beans.
Tessa's costume looked like a kitten.
Tessa's costume looked like a dog.
Tessa's costume looked like a witch.
Tessa's costume looked like a mouse.
Robert and his mother went to the store because to find a witch.
Robert and his mother went to the store because to eat candy.
Robert and his mother went to the store because to pick out a Halloween costume.
Robert and his mother went to the store because to buy groceries.
Robert's mother bought for him the witch costume.
Robert's mother bought for him the fish costume.
Robert's mother bought for him the horse costume.
Robert's mother bought for him the dog costume.
the park was in Over the hill.
the park was in In another neighborhood.
the park was in On the corner.
the park was in At the school.
Gia went to the park because To meet some new friends.
Gia went to the park because To swing by herself.
Gia went to the park because To play with her toys.
Gia went to the park because To run up the hill.
Gia lonely because She had no friends in the new neighborhood.
Gia lonely because Her mother wouldn't let her go outside.
Gia lonely because She didn't like to share when she played with her toys.
Gia lonely because Nobody kids lived in her neighborhood.
Julie walked with Gia to the park.
Her friends walked with Gia to the park.
She walked by herself walked with Gia to the park.
Her mother walked with Gia to the park.
Blue color is the Kite.
Blue and green color is the Kite.
Red color is the Kite.
Green color is the Kite.
Anna brought to the beach with her A Bottle of lemonade.
Anna brought to the beach with her Blue Kite.
Anna brought to the beach with her Kite and picnic basket.
Anna brought to the beach with her Jason and his dad.
Jason not liked the beach because Salt in the water and Sand.
Jason not liked the beach because Birds.
Jason not liked the beach because Anna.
Jason not liked the beach because Waves.
the story take places in Anna's house.
the story take places in None of these places.
the story take places in On the beach.
the story take places in At Jason's house.
the dog's was name Max.
the dog's was name Bob.
the dog's was name Driver.
the dog's was name Dog.
red color collared did the dog wear on Mondays.
green color collared did the dog wear on Mondays.
blue color collared did the dog wear on Mondays.
yellow color collared did the dog wear on Mondays.
the dog sleep if he came home dirtied in house.
the dog sleep if he came home dirtied in car.
the dog sleep if he came home dirtied in train.
the dog sleep if he came home dirtied in outside.
the dog love to rode on train.
the dog love to rode on car.
the dog love to rode on bike.
the dog love to rode on boat.
Barbara give to George after he did gave her a flower Chocolate Chip Cookie.
Barbara give to George after he did gave her a flower Watermelon.
Barbara give to George after he did gave her a flower Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich.
Barbara give to George after he did gave her a flower Lemonade.
Ralph's Mother and Father , called Anson and Anne.
Ralph's Mother and Father , called Scout and Emile.
Ralph's Mother and Father , called Barbara and George.
Ralph's Mother and Father , called Robert and Natalie.
name of the family dog was Barbara.
name of the family dog was George.
name of the family dog was Scout.
name of the family dog was Ralph.
the family had dinner and why in Under the tree, because it was hot outside.
the family had dinner and why in Next to a flower, because it was pretty to look at.
the family had dinner and why in Down the hill, because Scout wanted to play fetch.
the family had dinner and why in At their neighbors house, for a birthday.
John hurt Jack's feelings He put a wet blanket on the sidewalk.
John hurt Jack's feelings He painted his bedroom purple.
John hurt Jack's feelings He mooed at his sister.
John hurt Jack's feelings He roared at Mrs. Walker.
Whose tail wouldn't wag John he was sad.
Whose tail wouldn't wag June he was sad.
Whose tail wouldn't wag Jack he was sad.
Whose tail wouldn't wag Scamp he was sad.
blue color did John paint Jack's bedroom.
yellow color did John paint Jack's bedroom.
purple color did John paint Jack's bedroom.
white color did John paint Jack's bedroom.
name of John's sister was Mrs. Walker.
name of John's sister was June.
name of John's sister was Scamp.
name of John's sister was Jack.
Jim did the whistle belong to.
Her brother did the whistle belong to.
Her Mother did the whistle belong to.
Lucy did the whistle belong to.
Lucy and her family went walking in In the woods.
Lucy and her family went walking in In a park.
Lucy and her family went walking in In the city.
Lucy and her family went walking in In a zoo.
Lucy cried because Her brother splashed her in the stream.
Lucy cried because Her brother stole her sandwich.
Lucy cried because Her brother fell and hurt himself.
Lucy cried because Her brother left her in the woods.
animal that ran away when her brother is shouted A fox.
animal that ran away when her brother is shouted A Bear.
animal that ran away when her brother is shouted A deer.
animal that ran away when her brother is shouted A rabbit.
the baby bird, called sister.
the baby bird, called Robin.
the baby bird, called baby bird.
the baby bird, called brother.
the was 4 weeks baby bird.
the was 6 weeks baby bird.
the was 2 weeks baby bird.
the was 1 month baby bird.
baby bird had No brothers and sisters brothers and sisters.
baby bird had 3 sisters and 1 brother brothers and sisters.
baby bird had 2 brothers and 1 sister brothers and sisters.
baby bird had 2 brothers and 2 sisters brothers and sisters.
baby bird have didn't want to leave the nest She wasn't done growing and was scared of cats.
baby bird have didn't want to leave the nest She was scared of falling to the ground and that she would make friends.
baby bird have didn't want to leave the nest She would miss her mother and was nervous she wouldn't find any food on her own.
baby bird have didn't want to leave the nest She wanted to stay with her family and have her mother feed her for the rest of her life.
At the end of the story Green cloth did Sean make his bed green.
At the end of the story Spray paint did Sean make his bed green.
At the end of the story Putting plants on top of his bed did Sean make his bed green.
At the end of the story Trading treasure for green stones did Sean make his bed green.
Yellow colordoes Zarah like.
Red colordoes Zarah like.
Green colordoes Zarah like.
Blue colordoes Zarah like.
Sean cover his beded with plants because So it would not look like Zarah's bed.
Sean cover his beded with plants because He wanted a soft bed.
Sean cover his beded with plants because Because Plants smell good.
Sean cover his beded with plants because Because he wanted a green bed.
didn't the other dragons like Sean's bed because Because they don't like green.
didn't the other dragons like Sean's bed because Because they don't like plants.
didn't the other dragons like Sean's bed because Because they didn't want him to get hurt.
didn't the other dragons like Sean's bed because Because it wasn't like all the other beds.
Rebecca want to did with a zebra Roll down the hill with it.
Rebecca want to did with a zebra Swim with it.
Rebecca want to did with a zebra Ride it.
Rebecca want to did with a zebra Jump with it.
the zoo worker fed the penguins Eggs.
the zoo worker fed the penguins Fish.
the zoo worker fed the penguins Meat.
the zoo worker fed the penguins Grass.
not black and white were The zebras.
not black and white were The lions.
not black and white were The penguins.
not black and white were The pandas.
Their father made breakfast.
Elizabeth made breakfast.
Their mother made breakfast.
Rebecca made breakfast.
Sam left the beach because Because a tree fell.
Sam left the beach because Because it got dark.
Sam left the beach because Because it had started raining.
Sam left the beach because Because his pets wanted to leave.
couldn't Sam see far ahead because Because it was dark.
couldn't Sam see far ahead because Because he forgot his glasses.
couldn't Sam see far ahead because Because he was tired.
couldn't Sam see far ahead because His headlights were not very good.
Sam see and heard when the tree fell He saw the tree fall and heard a smack.
Sam see and heard when the tree fell He saw lighting and heard his hamster yell.
Sam see and heard when the tree fell Thunder, a bright light and a bump.
Sam see and heard when the tree fell Thunder, a bright light and a crunching sound.
 Was Sam lost Sam was most of the way home.
 Was Sam lost Sam was completely lost.
 Was Sam lost Sam was going the wrong way.
 Was Sam lost Sam was lost but thought he was on the right way back now.
ear is in in the bowl.
ear is in in the woods.
ear is in on the phone.
ear is in in the shower.
the chipmunks feel if they win the game cold.
the chipmunks feel if they win the game hot.
the chipmunks feel if they win the game mad.
the chipmunks feel if they win the game twinkly.
the chipmunks come out to play on at night.
the chipmunks come out to play on in bowls.
the chipmunks come out to play on during the day.
the chipmunks come out to play on in the woods.
 If the chipmunk says, 'cold', the looking chipmunk is.. hot.
 If the chipmunk says, 'cold', the looking chipmunk is.. far away.
 If the chipmunk says, 'cold', the looking chipmunk is.. bored.
 If the chipmunk says, 'cold', the looking chipmunk is.. close.
name of the granddaddy's daughter was Melissa.
name of the granddaddy's daughter was Marge.
name of the granddaddy's daughter was Tom.
name of the granddaddy's daughter was Rachel.
Tomdo after he hung uped the phone Sat down and thought about everything he wanted to say to Rachel.
Tomdo after he hung uped the phone Hugged Rachel.
Tomdo after he hung uped the phone Worked in his garden.
Tomdo after he hung uped the phone Dropped the phone.
Tom planted in his garden pumpkins, peppers, and tomatoes.
Tom planted in his garden peppers, zucchini, and spinach.
Tom planted in his garden broccoli, tomatoes, and zucchini.
Tom planted in his garden pumpkins, peas, and tomatoes.
Tom lived alone because Because he liked it.
Tom lived alone because Because Rachel told him to.
Tom lived alone because Because his wife Marge had died many years before.
Tom lived alone because Because he wanted time to work in his garden.
Alex called his mom.
Alex called the playground.
Alex called the animal.
Alex called his close friend.
mom is in on a plate.
mom is in with the animal.
mom is in eating frosting.
mom is in in the sand box.
Alex scared because he saw an animal.
Alex scared because he was next to his close friend.
Alex scared because he heard someone shout, "Who is there?".
Alex scared because his mom wouldn't pick him up.
green color was the animal's stripe.
frosting color was the animal's stripe.
playground color was the animal's stripe.
sand color was the animal's stripe.
the ball in at the end of the trick was Blue.
the ball in at the end of the trick was Green.
the ball in at the end of the trick was Yellow.
the ball in at the end of the trick was White.
that his brothers could not Basketball |(could Baker).
that his brothers could not Football |(could Baker).
that his brothers could not Magic Tricks |(could Baker).
that his brothers could not Baseball |(could Baker).
Four cups were left after the helpers removed the blanket.
One cups were left after the helpers removed the blanket.
two cups were left after the helpers removed the blanket.
Three cups were left after the helpers removed the blanket.
Baker was nine.
Baker was eight.
Baker was six.
Baker was seven.
Grandpa and Andrew get to the river to went fishing From in back of the house.
Grandpa and Andrew get to the river to went fishing Along the path and through the bushes.
Grandpa and Andrew get to the river to went fishing Over the bridge.
Grandpa and Andrew get to the river to went fishing Through Uncle Tom's yard.
on his way to the river was raccoon.
on his way to the river was bear.
on his way to the river was tiger.
on his way to the river was lion.
Andrew caught Five total fish.
Andrew caught Four total fish.
Andrew caught Three total fish.
Andrew caught Two total fish.
Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwiches and a bottle of cool water lunch did Grandpa and Andrew take with them to the fishing spot.
Basket of chicken and Ice Tea lunch did Grandpa and Andrew take with them to the fishing spot.
Left over meatloaf and soda pop lunch did Grandpa and Andrew take with them to the fishing spot.
Cold cut sandwiches and Cola lunch did Grandpa and Andrew take with them to the fishing spot.
Ellie and her grandfather dug 4 times in the story.
Ellie and her grandfather dug 2 times in the story.
Ellie and her grandfather dug 1 times in the story.
Ellie and her grandfather dug 3 times in the story.
they eat when they did watched the sunset rocks.
they eat when they did watched the sunset shells.
they eat when they did watched the sunset sand.
they eat when they did watched the sunset pie.
Ellie and her Grandfather digging for were shells.
Ellie and her Grandfather digging for were rocks.
Ellie and her Grandfather digging for were treasure.
Ellie and her Grandfather digging for were sand.
they found at the end sand.
they found at the end sunset.
they found at the end rocks.
they found at the end shells.
The girls thought they saw a wolf, but Giant Trees did they really see.
The girls thought they saw a wolf, but A puppy did they really see.
The girls thought they saw a wolf, but A shadow of an old boot did they really see.
The girls thought they saw a wolf, but An old boot did they really see.
the girls play hide and go sought in Inside Jessica's house.
the girls play hide and go sought in The woods behind Molly's house.
the girls play hide and go sought in Inside Molly's house.
the girls play hide and go sought in The woods behind Jessica's house.
Each girl got one dollar reward did Molly and Jessica get from the neighbor.
Each girl got five dollars reward did Molly and Jessica get from the neighbor.
They got no money reward did Molly and Jessica get from the neighbor.
They had to split five dollars between them reward did Molly and Jessica get from the neighbor.
Jessica saw Molly and the puppy on When she stopped counting when she heard a sound.
Jessica saw Molly and the puppy on When they first entered the woods.
Jessica saw Molly and the puppy on After the neighbor asked for help finding her puppy.
Jessica saw Molly and the puppy on After she was done counting and opened her eyes to seek Molly.
Jack wait to take his triped because He got hungry.
Jack wait to take his triped because A good show was on television.
Jack wait to take his triped because There was a field trip the next day.
Jack wait to take his triped because His tricycle broke.
Jack's teacher , called Mrs. Edwards.
Jack's teacher , called Mrs. Jones.
Jack's teacher , called Mr. Hopkins.
Jack's teacher , called Mr. Smith.
Jack borrowed his mother's phone because To listen to music.
Jack borrowed his mother's phone because To order pizza.
Jack borrowed his mother's phone because Because he liked to tape things to his handle bars.
Jack borrowed his mother's phone because So he could call home.
Jack met at the end of his driveway The mailman.
Jack met at the end of his driveway His teacher.
Jack met at the end of his driveway His doctor.
Jack met at the end of his driveway His mother.
the sandcastle had at the top a wall.
the sandcastle had at the top a bridge.
the sandcastle had at the top a flag.
the sandcastle had at the top a river.
 Whose ice cream fell Jake.
 Whose ice cream fell Sara.
 Whose ice cream fell Jane.
 Whose ice cream fell Billy.
brother and sister in the story were Sara and Jake.
brother and sister in the story were Billy and Sara.
brother and sister in the story were Joey and Sara.
brother and sister in the story were Jane and Billy.
the friends completed the sandcastle Wednesday.
the friends completed the sandcastle Tuesday.
the friends completed the sandcastle Monday.
the friends completed the sandcastle Thursday.
not went to the party Steve.
not went to the party Megan.
not went to the party Jerry.
not went to the party Tom.
Jerry gave Lily and Rose at the Party Pillows.
Jerry gave Lily and Rose at the Party A couch.
Jerry gave Lily and Rose at the Party A Blue rug that matched the Pillows.
Jerry gave Lily and Rose at the Party Tom.
Lily knew Rose Rose and Lily moved in together.
Lily knew Rose Rose gave Lily a couch.
Lily knew Rose Lily gave Rose a rug.
Lily knew Rose Rose grew up with as friends with Lily.
Tom, Megan and Steve had pillows.
Jerry had pillows.
Tom, Lily and Jerry had pillows.
Jerry and Steve had pillows.
name of Fred's best friend was Joey.
name of Fred's best friend was Stacey.
name of Fred's best friend was Elaine.
name of Fred's best friend was Pam.
Star fish such as Fred.
Blow fish such as Fred.
Octopus such as Fred.
Sponge such as Fred.
Fred found under water A golden watch.
Fred found under water Nothing.
Fred found under water A treasure chest.
Fred found under water A bed.
Fred did when his friend woke him up He yelled at her.
Fred did when his friend woke him up He apologized.
Fred did when his friend woke him up He kicked her out.
Fred did when his friend woke him up He lied some more.
Emma want to went to the grocery because She wanted to visit Jim.
Emma want to went to the grocery because She liked the shelves in the store.
Emma want to went to the grocery because She wanted to buy something tastier for her sandwich.
Emma want to went to the grocery because Her mother asked her to go to the grocery.
Emma bought in the story a bike.
Emma bought in the story a tomato.
Emma bought in the story a birdbath.
Emma bought in the story lettuce.
Emma locked her bike in the front door of the grocery.
Emma locked her bike in the gate of her home.
Emma locked her bike in she did not lock her bike.
Emma locked her bike in the birdbath in front of the grocery.
Emma add the tomato to her sandwich when her mom did was not in the room because Her mother would be upset that she spent her allowance money on a tomato.
Emma add the tomato to her sandwich when her mom did was not in the room because Her mother did not like when Emma ate sandwiches.
Emma add the tomato to her sandwich when her mom did was not in the room because Her mother thought she was in school.
Emma add the tomato to her sandwich when her mom did was not in the room because Her mother hates tomatoes.
Lucy find her way backed with Jessie She used the sun to direct her home.
Lucy find her way backed with Jessie She flew faster and farther than another one else so she knew her way around better than any other lady bug.  She also knew the area.
Lucy find her way backed with Jessie She always carried a map which gave her directions.
Lucy find her way backed with Jessie She listen to Jessie give her directions.
He was spending time with Lucy happened to Jessie.
He hurt himself playing with the other ladybugs happened to Jessie.
He was flying around looking for other ladybugs happened to Jessie.
He flew into a tree and broke his wing now he is lost happened to Jessie.
Lucy like flying because She loves to compete in flying races.
Lucy like flying because It makes her feel free and the feeling of wind in her wings.
Lucy like flying because She liked to show off her different colors.
Lucy like flying because She loves hanging out with Jessie.
She married Jessie and they lived happily ever after happened to Lucy after she brought Jessie Home.
She got confused trying to find their way back happened to Lucy after she brought Jessie Home.
She was yelled at for staying out late happened to Lucy after she brought Jessie Home.
She was given a medal, called a hero, and gave up trying to find other lady bugs happened to Lucy after she brought Jessie Home.
didn't Jason's dad take him to the zoo this Tuesday because His dad was at a meeting.
didn't Jason's dad take him to the zoo this Tuesday because His dad was out of town.
didn't Jason's dad take him to the zoo this Tuesday because His dad had to work.
didn't Jason's dad take him to the zoo this Tuesday because His dad was feeling sick.
Jason want to tells his dad about when he gets home Singing his favorite song on the way to the zoo.
Jason want to tells his dad about when he gets home The man who worked at the zoo.
Jason want to tells his dad about when he gets home The ice cream cone that he ate at the zoo.
Jason want to tells his dad about when he gets home The baby rattle snake.
the new animal that Jason can't wait to is see at the zoo a bear.
the new animal that Jason can't wait to is see at the zoo a monkey.
the new animal that Jason can't wait to is see at the zoo a rattle snake.
the new animal that Jason can't wait to is see at the zoo an alligator.
Jason's momdo when hedoes is feeling sad She buys him a rattle snake.
Jason's momdo when hedoes is feeling sad She takes him to another zoo.
Jason's momdo when hedoes is feeling sad She lets him ride a bear.
Jason's momdo when hedoes is feeling sad She buys him an ice cream cone to cheer him up.
Duck and Goose likes ketchup on their hotdog.
Rabbit and Bear likes ketchup on their hotdog.
Fox and Turtle likes ketchup on their hotdog.
Goose and Turtle likes ketchup on their hotdog.
Fox and Turtle likes mustard on their hotdog.
Rabbit and Goose likes mustard on their hotdog.
Goose and Fox likes mustard on their hotdog.
Duck and Bear likes mustard on their hotdog.
Bear doesn't like hotdogs at all.
Goose doesn't like hotdogs at all.
Turtle doesn't like hotdogs at all.
Rabbit doesn't like hotdogs at all.
Fox and Turtle likes their hotdog without ketchup or mustard.
Duck and Bear likes their hotdog without ketchup or mustard.
Bear and Rabbit likes their hotdog without ketchup or mustard.
Goose and Bear likes their hotdog without ketchup or mustard.
John taking the bus was in the bathroom.
John taking the bus was in home.
John taking the bus was in the kitchen.
John taking the bus was in school.
John made the cake on Saturday.
John made the cake on Monday.
John made the cake on Tuesday.
John made the cake on Sunday.
John's mother , called Margaret.
John's mother , called Anne.
John's mother , called Charlotte.
John's mother , called Sylvia.
John eat before leaving for schooled in the morning cake.
John eat before leaving for schooled in the morning cereal and an apple.
John eat before leaving for schooled in the morning sandwich.
John eat before leaving for schooled in the morning potato chips.
Bird visited after visiting Fox Bird's sister.
Bird visited after visiting Fox Tiger.
Bird visited after visiting Fox Snake.
Bird visited after visiting Fox no one, he went home.
Tiger reading about was building a house.
Tiger reading about was cooking.
Tiger reading about was snakes.
Tiger reading about was flying.
Fox ate another character's sister.
Bird ate another character's sister.
Snake ate another character's sister.
Tiger ate another character's sister.
Bird was too lazy to find food.
Tiger was too lazy to find food.
Snake was too lazy to find food.
Fox was too lazy to find food.
Jill need to buy to made her pie Cheese.
Jill need to buy to made her pie Bread.
Jill need to buy to made her pie Flour.
Jill need to buy to made her pie Milk.
the last place Jill went before going home was in The store.
the last place Jill went before going home was in The car wash.
the last place Jill went before going home was in Her mother's house.
the last place Jill went before going home was in The library.
Red color were the apples.
Orange color were the apples.
Green color were the apples.
Yellow color were the apples.
name of the person making the apple pies was Bob.
name of the person making the apple pies was Steve.
name of the person making the apple pies was Jill.
name of the person making the apple pies was George.
Julie and Rosie eat breakfast on after their walk.
Julie and Rosie eat breakfast on They don't eat breakfast.
Julie and Rosie eat breakfast on before their walk.
Julie and Rosie eat breakfast on The story doesn't say.
Julie called Rosie away from the tree because She wanted Rosie to go for a walk.
Julie called Rosie away from the tree because She wanted Rosie to smell a cat.
Julie called Rosie away from the tree because She did not want Rosie to scare the cat.
Julie called Rosie away from the tree because She wanted Rosie to have her breakfast.
Rosie smelt a cat.
Rosie smelt a tiger.
Rosie smelt another dog.
Rosie smelt a squirrel.
The story does not say what time it was time did Julie and Rosie go for a walk.
morning time did Julie and Rosie go for a walk.
night time did Julie and Rosie go for a walk.
afternoon time did Julie and Rosie go for a walk.
the meanest is Larry.
the meanest is Thomas.
the meanest is Henry.
the meanest is Ralph.
Ralph trick Henry into thinking the lake did was scary By swimming in the lake.
Ralph trick Henry into thinking the lake did was scary By splashing him with water.
Ralph trick Henry into thinking the lake did was scary By dressing up in a spooky costume.
Ralph trick Henry into thinking the lake did was scary By beating him.
Ralph has Three brothers.
Ralph has Four brothers.
Ralph has Two brothers.
Ralph has One brothers.
Ralph come uped with on his birthday To be mean.
Ralph come uped with on his birthday To trick Henry.
Ralph come uped with on his birthday To splash around.
Ralph come uped with on his birthday To play with his brothers.
Marcel helped with chores every morning Paula.
Marcel helped with chores every morning the shepherd.
Marcel helped with chores every morning Lucianne.
Marcel helped with chores every morning Pa.
books is in in the town.
books is in in the pasture.
books is in at home.
books is in at the school.
the shepherd went home to get the item Marcel forgot.
Lucianne went home to get the item Marcel forgot.
Marcel went home to get the item Marcel forgot.
Paula went home to get the item Marcel forgot.
Marcel left the road because To do his chores.
Marcel left the road because To see the lambs.
Marcel left the road because To get home faster.
Marcel left the road because To say hello to the shepherd.
the doctor check when he did was seeing Joey Temperature, ears and throat.
the doctor check when he did was seeing Joey Ears and throat.
the doctor check when he did was seeing Joey Temperature, eyes and ears.
the doctor check when he did was seeing Joey Temperature and throat.
Green color chair did Joey sit on.
Yellow color chair did Joey sit on.
Red color chair did Joey sit on.
Blue color chair did Joey sit on.
names of the other children Joey met at the doctor's office were Sandy and Susan.
names of the other children Joey met at the doctor's office were Bobby and Sandy.
names of the other children Joey met at the doctor's office were Bobby and Susan.
names of the other children Joey met at the doctor's office were Bobby, Sandy and Susan.
Bobby liked best The dolls.
Bobby liked best The cars.
Bobby liked best He liked them all.
Bobby liked best The blocks.
the guy lived in In the zoo.
the guy lived in In a shoe.
the guy lived in In a hole in the ground.
the guy lived in In a mitten.
the guy mad because He didn't like living in a mitten.
the guy mad because He didn't get to go to the zoo.
the guy mad because He lived in a mitten. No one paid attention to him. Everyone liked the old woman in the shoe better.
the guy mad because He didn't have any cookies.
his was plan for a joke He dug a hole under the old lady's house. He put a cookie in a hole. He stole some monkeys and told them about the cookie and set them free outside the woman's shoe.
his was plan for a joke He hid a banana somewhere in the house.
his was plan for a joke He fed some monkeys cookies and let them go outside the lady's house hoping they would poop everywhere.
his was plan for a joke He dug a hole under the shoe so that it would fall over.
the joke not worked because He didn't learn about monkeys first. The monkeys wanted bananas not cookies.
the joke not worked because The monkeys didn't want to be on TV.
the joke not worked because He fell in a hole after slipping on a banana peel.
the joke not worked because He went to the zoo and forgot to finish his plan.
Steve wrote on the stone his sister's name.
Steve wrote on the stone that his sister was on the ceiling.
Steve wrote on the stone he was sad about his long finger.
Steve wrote on the stone the truth.
Steve's power was he wrote on a stone.
Steve's power was he could make things move with his mind.
Steve's power was he had a long finger.
Steve's power was he had a sister.
the toilet seat had the longest finger in Steve's town.
the stone had the longest finger in Steve's town.
Steve had the longest finger in Steve's town.
Steve's sister had the longest finger in Steve's town.
Steve's sister brought him a coat because it was cold.
Steve's sister brought him a coat because his finger was too long.
Steve's sister brought him a coat because he was caught in the toilet.
Steve's sister brought him a coat because he needed to put it on the stone.
Sarah's mother had in the basket A kitty.
Sarah's mother had in the basket A puppy.
Sarah's mother had in the basket Some food.
Sarah's mother had in the basket A bowl.
Sarah is 8 years old.
Sarah is 7 years old.
Sarah is 9 years old.
Sarah is 10 years old.
the funny sound called that kittens make, and whydo they is make it The funny sound is called barking and kittens make it when they're hungry.
the funny sound called that kittens make, and whydo they is make it The funny sound is called singing and kittens make it when they're sleepy.
the funny sound called that kittens make, and whydo they is make it The funny sound is called purring and kittens make it when they're happy.
the funny sound called that kittens make, and whydo they is make it The funny sound is called laughing and kittens make it when they're sad.
Sarahdo before the kitty did started purring She gave the kitty a doll and rubbed its back and neck.
Sarahdo before the kitty did started purring She gave the kitty a cookie and rubbed its head and belly.
Sarahdo before the kitty did started purring She gave the kitty a kiss and rubbed its head and neck.
Sarahdo before the kitty did started purring She gave the kitty a bowl and rubbed its paws and tail.
Mary and Steve crossed the lake 0 times.
Mary and Steve crossed the lake 2 times.
Mary and Steve crossed the lake 3 times.
Mary and Steve crossed the lake 1 times.
the mice want to crossed the lake because They liked Tommy.
the mice want to crossed the lake because They liked getting wet.
the mice want to crossed the lake because They liked boats.
the mice want to crossed the lake because They liked to see new things.
the mice sad because They got splashed.
the mice sad because They were afraid of the big dog.
the mice sad because The lake was very big.
the mice sad because They did not have a boat.
the big dog chased after Ball.
the big dog chased after The Toy Boat.
the big dog chased after Mary and Steve.
the big dog chased after Tommy.
Santa Claus and the reindeer travels from home to home delivering gifts.
Candy canes travels from home to home delivering gifts.
Coffee and cookies travels from home to home delivering gifts.
Half of the reindeer travels from home to home delivering gifts.
the most important thing Santa Claus has to isdo and why Make sure the reindeer have their coffee so they can stay awake.
the most important thing Santa Claus has to isdo and why Make sure the reindeer know where they are going because Santa has only been lost one time on Christmas Eve.
the most important thing Santa Claus has to isdo and why Make sure the reindeer have candy canes in different colors to fly fast.
the most important thing Santa Claus has to isdo and why Make sure the reindeer have red and white candy canes so they fly slow.
They need coffee to stay away, candy canes to fly faster, a meal so they do not want cookies, and to know where they are going are needed for the reindeer before they are ready to fly on Christmas Eve.
They need cookies, coffee, and candy canes are needed for the reindeer before they are ready to fly on Christmas Eve.
They only need snow and coffee are needed for the reindeer before they are ready to fly on Christmas Eve.
They only need red and white candy canes are needed for the reindeer before they are ready to fly on Christmas Eve.
candy canesdo the reindeer that like best is White.
candy canesdo the reindeer that like best is White and green.
candy canesdo the reindeer that like best is Red.
candy canesdo the reindeer that like best is Different colors.
Jerry think the clouds did looked like lemonade.
Jerry think the clouds did looked like cats.
Jerry think the clouds did looked like sheep.
Jerry think the clouds did looked like pigs.
Jerry owned dog.
Jerry owned cow.
Jerry owned pig.
Jerry owned sheep.
his ladder could Jerry not find.
his house could Jerry not find.
his garage could Jerry not find.
his barn could Jerry not find.
Jerry stand on to painted his barn a ladder.
Jerry stand on to painted his barn a table.
Jerry stand on to painted his barn a field.
Jerry stand on to painted his barn a porch.
Ferra took a bath because she didn't want to get her garage dirty.
Ferra took a bath because She wanted to play tag.
Ferra took a bath because to jump in a leaf pile.
Ferra took a bath because To splash in puddles.
Ferra sad because she was too dirty to take a nap.
Ferra sad because she didn't want to take a bath.
Ferra sad because she wanted to play tag.
Ferra sad because she didn't want to take a nap.
Ferra get muddied taking a bath.
Ferra get muddied playing tag in the yard.
Ferra get muddied splashing in puddles.
Ferra get muddied jumping in a leaf pile.
Ferra play taged in the garage.
Ferra play taged in the yard.
Ferra play taged in the leaf pile.
Ferra play taged in the bath.
Ally making was birthday.
Ally making was cookies.
Ally making was cake.
Ally making was cupcakes.
Kelly came over on before baking.
Kelly came over on before store.
Kelly came over on after eating.
Kelly came over on after baking.
Ally has 3 friends.
Ally has 1 friends.
Ally has 0 friends.
Ally has 2 friends.
Melissa is Ally's best friend.
Shannon is Ally's best friend.
Kelly is Ally's best friend.
Ally is Ally's best friend.
the pumpkin escaped the garden the person who owned the garden let it go.
the pumpkin escaped the garden it used cake to get out.
the pumpkin escaped the garden a fox cut the vine.
the pumpkin escaped the garden a cat freed it.
couldn't the pumpkin eat the cake because the cake was up too high.
couldn't the pumpkin eat the cake because It had no mouth.
couldn't the pumpkin eat the cake because the fox ate it first.
couldn't the pumpkin eat the cake because the cake didn't have a glass of milk to go with it.
the pumpkin sad because a cake fell on it.
the pumpkin sad because It wanted to see the world but it couldn't.
the pumpkin sad because there was a sharp rock keeping it in the garden.
the pumpkin sad because the fox was teasing it.
another pumpkin did the pumpkin meet outside the garden.
the person who planted the garden did the pumpkin meet outside the garden.
a cat did the pumpkin meet outside the garden.
a fox did the pumpkin meet outside the garden.
not share recessed with Mrs. Snooter's class third grade.
not share recessed with Mrs. Snooter's class fifth grade.
not share recessed with Mrs. Snooter's class kindergarten.
not share recessed with Mrs. Snooter's class second grade.
kindergarten grade did Mrs. Snooter teach.
fifth grade grade did Mrs. Snooter teach.
third grade grade did Mrs. Snooter teach.
second grade grade did Mrs. Snooter teach.
fall off a jungle gym happen to the students at recess.
trip on the seesaw happen to the students at recess.
get chased by a dog happen to the students at recess.
have sand thrown in their eyes happen to the students at recess.
the first thing the class was had to pass the seesaw.
the first thing the class was had to pass the jungle gym.
the first thing the class was had to pass the playground.
the first thing the class was had to pass the sandbox.
Will put in the trashcan napkin.
Will put in the trashcan jam.
Will put in the trashcan flower.
Will put in the trashcan biscuit.
Will's favorite song about was a flower.
Will's favorite song about was Will.
Will's favorite song about was night sky.
Will's favorite song about was a star.
Will ate with his biscuit butter.
Will ate with his biscuit jam.
Will ate with his biscuit chicken.
Will ate with his biscuit gravy.
Will when it started to rain was in living room.
Will when it started to rain was in kitchen.
Will when it started to rain was in store.
Will when it started to rain was in outside.
Six in the morning time did they have to wake up to climb the mountain.
One in the morning time did they have to wake up to climb the mountain.
Two in the morning time did they have to wake up to climb the mountain.
Five in the morning time did they have to wake up to climb the mountain.
Six animals named in the story.
Five animals named in the story.
One animals named in the story.
Two animals named in the story.
on the last day Watch a sunrise |(DIDN'T the group).
on the last day See bears |(DIDN'T the group).
on the last day Climb a mountain |(DIDN'T the group).
on the last day Wake up at two in the morning |(DIDN'T the group).
Five in the morning time did the sun rise.
One in the morning time did the sun rise.
Six in the morning time did the sun rise.
Two in the morning time did the sun rise.
the friend used Barry for He used him to mix the ingredients and boil them.
the friend used Barry for He used him to make a pie and wash him.
the friend used Barry for He used Barry to mix the ingredients to make a cake.
the friend used Barry for He used him to mix and and to fry them.
Barry get to come outs of the cabinet on When he wants to.
Barry get to come outs of the cabinet on When he gets washed.
Barry get to come outs of the cabinet on When his friend bakes a cake.
Barry get to come outs of the cabinet on When he is under the pan.
the bowl's is name Toaster.
the bowl's is name Pot.
the bowl's is name Pan.
the bowl's is name Barry.
the friend doesdo to them Chocolate and eggs. He mixes the ingredients.
the friend doesdo to them Flour, eggs and sugar. The friend mixes them together.
the friend doesdo to them Eggs and flour. He boils the ingredients.
the friend doesdo to them Eggs and water. He spins the ingredients.
During the day, In his shirt sleeve would Harry put Tom.
During the day, In an old sock behind his desk would Harry put Tom.
During the day, In his front shirt pocket would Harry put Tom.
During the day, In his cage would Harry put Tom.
the first thing that Harry was asked his friends If they would help him look for Tom.
the first thing that Harry was asked his friends If they wanted to watch Tom run in his wheel.
the first thing that Harry was asked his friends If they knew where Tom was.
the first thing that Harry was asked his friends If Tom was in an old sock behind his desk.
the hamster's was name Tom.
the hamster's was name John.
the hamster's was name Bruno.
the hamster's was name Harry.
not help him look for his peted hamster Tom.
not help him look for his peted hamster John.
not help him look for his peted hamster Bruno.
not help him look for his peted hamster Rodney.
Ally's sister loved sugar in the story.
Ally's brother loved sugar in the story.
Ally loved sugar in the story.
The alligator loved sugar in the story.
Ally's sister love the color pinked because She thought it looked cute.
Ally's sister love the color pinked because It made her feel energetic.
Ally's sister love the color pinked because It was the alligator's favorite color.
Ally's sister love the color pinked because It tasted sweet.
Ally's brother was knocking at the door.
Ally was knocking at the door.
Ally's sister was knocking at the door.
An alligator was knocking at the door.
Ally loved orange juice because It made her feel energetic.
Ally loved orange juice because She loved its sweet taste.
Ally loved orange juice because It was the alligator's favorite drink.
Ally loved orange juice because It looked cute.
Albert and his friends looking for a building because They are trying to find one quickly.
Albert and his friends looking for a building because They are tired.
Albert and his friends looking for a building because They are tired of the ocean.
Albert and his friends looking for a building because The storm.
Hamster type of animal is Albert.
Alligator type of animal is Albert.
Cat type of animal is Albert.
Plant type of animal is Albert.
theydo righted before going to sleep They walked around.
theydo righted before going to sleep They dried off.
theydo righted before going to sleep They looked for a house.
theydo righted before going to sleep Nothing.
Gary stay as Albert did walked in In a house.
Gary stay as Albert did walked in In a building.
Gary stay as Albert did walked in In Albert's shirt pocket.
Gary stay as Albert did walked in Indoors.
Ricky and Carmen got into the sky A kite took them up into the sky.
Ricky and Carmen got into the sky They crawled up a string.
Ricky and Carmen got into the sky They jumped on a bird.
Ricky and Carmen got into the sky They flew into the sky.
black and yellow color was Ricky.
green color was Ricky.
black and red color was Ricky.
yellow color was Ricky.
a bird such as Carmen.
a kite such as Carmen.
an inchworm such as Carmen.
a ladybug such as Carmen.
Ricky and Carmen felt on the kite Only happy.
Ricky and Carmen felt on the kite First scared, then happy.
Ricky and Carmen felt on the kite Only scared.
Ricky and Carmen felt on the kite First happy, then scared.
the first big kid ride that Megan was ridden on The musical ride.
the first big kid ride that Megan was ridden on Snoopyland.
the first big kid ride that Megan was ridden on Dinoland.
the first big kid ride that Megan was ridden on Thunderhawk.
Mom, Sara, dad, and the brother all tried to get her to ride the bigger rides.
Sara, the brother, and the sister all tried to get her to ride the bigger rides.
Mom, Sara, and the brother all tried to get her to ride the bigger rides.
Mom, Sara, and the sister all tried to get her to ride the bigger rides.
Megan stay in the little kided section of the park One years.
Megan stay in the little kided section of the park Six years.
Megan stay in the little kided section of the park Four years.
Megan stay in the little kided section of the park Two years.
Megan finally got on the big kided rides because Her mom kept pushing until she finally gave in.
Megan finally got on the big kided rides because Her big brother yelled at her and took her on a ride.
Megan finally got on the big kided rides because Her big sister told her to ride one.
Megan finally got on the big kided rides because She wanted to make Sara like her and seem like a big girl.
The pink glove with purple fingers is not a good friend of Mike.
The orange glove is not a good friend of Mike.
The black glove is not a good friend of Mike.
The pink mitten is not a good friend of Mike.
Jane was found in a pile of leaves.
Mike was found in a pile of leaves.
Katie was found in a pile of leaves.
Rich was found in a pile of leaves.
Katie has purple fingers.
Mike has purple fingers.
Rich has purple fingers.
Jane has purple fingers.
Mike was not found in snow.
Rich was not found in snow.
Katie was not found in snow.
Roger was not found in snow.
Oink's was dream To work on a farm.
Oink's was dream To visit the stars.
Oink's was dream To make shoes.
Oink's was dream To fly.
Oink's was job Hunting birds.
Oink's was job Making shoes.
Oink's was job Delivering letters.
Oink's was job Working on a farm.
A horse gave Oink the wings.
The farmer gave Oink the wings.
The birds gave Oink the wings.
Oink made them gave Oink the wings.
A dog such as Oink.
A horse such as Oink.
A pig such as Oink.
A cat such as Oink.
frog type of animal stole Kevin's car keys.
bird type of animal stole Kevin's car keys.
chipmunk type of animal stole Kevin's car keys.
duck type of animal stole Kevin's car keys.
Kevin and Jessica were in Store.
Kevin and Jessica were in Farm.
Kevin and Jessica were in Beach.
Kevin and Jessica were in Park.
the chipmunk did after giving the keys back Watched TV.
the chipmunk did after giving the keys back Got a drink and went to bed.
the chipmunk did after giving the keys back Ran to steal someone else's car keys.
the chipmunk did after giving the keys back Ate his snack.
the chipmunk did after stealing the keys Laughed.
the chipmunk did after stealing the keys Ate lunch.
the chipmunk did after stealing the keys Ran away.
the chipmunk did after stealing the keys Went to the store.
Sally chose Mint chocolate chip.
Sally chose Tropical Turtle.
Sally chose Strawberry.
Sally chose Chocolate.
Sally and Jared cheered about They were going to get frozen yogurt.
Sally and Jared cheered about The weather was cooling down.
Sally and Jared cheered about They finally left the house.
Sally and Jared cheered about They were close to the beach.
Sally felt towards her brother She was annoyed that he was making loud noises.
Sally felt towards her brother She was sad that he hit her.
Sally felt towards her brother She was sad that he was making loud noises.
Sally felt towards her brother She was annoyed that he hit her.
Sally not thought about doing Swim with dolphins.
Sally not thought about doing Play Frisbee with her brother.
Sally not thought about doing Splash in the water.
Sally not thought about doing Build sand castles.
the cat's is name Sophie.
the cat's is name Thomas.
the cat's is name Rex.
the cat's is name Clyde.
Rex did to Clyde put him in a room.
Rex did to Clyde licked him.
Rex did to Clyde chased him.
Rex did to Clyde sniffed him.
name of the first dog that Clyde lived with was Rex.
name of the first dog that Clyde lived with was Sophie.
name of the first dog that Clyde lived with was Thomas.
name of the first dog that Clyde lived with was Nicole.
the car made Clyde scared.
the human made Clyde scared.
the dog made Clyde scared.
Sophie made Clyde scared.
Red owned Grocery Store.
Red owned Radio Store.
Red owned Movie Store.
Red owned Sporting Good Store.
Red's movie was store known for Funny movies about dogs.
Red's movie was store known for Candy.
Red's movie was store known for Its Paint Job.
Red's movie was store known for Scary Movies.
Red had in his movie store Popcorn.
Red had in his movie store Soda Pop.
Red had in his movie store Ice Cream.
Red had in his movie store Candy.
Red color was Red's movie store.
Yellow color was Red's movie store.
Blue color was Red's movie store.
Purple color was Red's movie store.
we go when we did left the park in camping.
we go when we did left the park in home.
we go when we did left the park in Nana's house.
we go when we did left the park in Mary's house.
my granddaughter's friend's was name Nana.
my granddaughter's friend's was name Mary.
my granddaughter's friend's was name Holly.
my granddaughter's friend's was name Tina.
my granddaughter's first choice was burger.
my granddaughter's first choice was popcorn.
my granddaughter's first choice was hotdog.
my granddaughter's first choice was ice cream.
my granddaughter tried to catch bird.
my granddaughter tried to catch friend.
my granddaughter tried to catch butterfly.
my granddaughter tried to catch dog.
Root beer made the most fruits.
Chips made the most fruits.
Seaweed made the most fruits.
Salad made the most fruits.
Alex's Kitty , called Apple.
Alex's Kitty , called Chocolate Tiger.
Alex's Kitty , called Tigerrr.
Alex's Kitty , called Lion.
the tree that was fed chocolate AND the tree that was fed root beer had together Five fruits.
the tree that was fed chocolate AND the tree that was fed root beer had together Eight fruits.
the tree that was fed chocolate AND the tree that was fed root beer had together Zero fruits.
the tree that was fed chocolate AND the tree that was fed root beer had together Four fruits.
Alex goes to a sit down school.
Tigerrr goes to a sit down school.
Alex's cousins goes to a sit down school.
Tigerrr &amp; Alex goes to a sit down school.
his horse, Candy or what did Tommy meet at the fire.
a girl named Lucy or what did Tommy meet at the fire.
his horse, Lucy or what did Tommy meet at the fire.
a girl named Candy or what did Tommy meet at the fire.
the Gentle River was like a pony.
the Gentle River was like a fire.
the Gentle River was like a mirror.
the Gentle River was like a horse.
Lucy draw before she did started drawing with Tommy a fire, a hill, and a horse.
Lucy draw before she did started drawing with Tommy a dragon, an elf, and a horse.
Lucy draw before she did started drawing with Tommy a dragon, an elf, and a pony.
Lucy draw before she did started drawing with Tommy a fire, an elf, and Tommy.
Tommy get to the fire, and where did he got there from He walked from the Gentle River to the fire in the hills.
Tommy get to the fire, and where did he got there from He rode Candy from the Gentle River to the fire in the hills.
Tommy get to the fire, and where did he got there from He walked from the hills to the fire by the Gentle River.
Tommy get to the fire, and where did he got there from He rode his horse from the hills to the fire by the Gentle River.
the boy monster, called George.
the boy monster, called Qarth.
the boy monster, called Marge.
the boy monster, called Jerry.
Jerry left the train car because To gather corn to eat.
Jerry left the train car because To play with the special machines in Qarth.
Jerry left the train car because To look for his father.
Jerry left the train car because To talk to the people of Qarth.
That the people of Qarth would attack them if they knew they were there fear caused Marge to raise Jerry at the railroad tracks.
That there were no jobs in Qarth since the factories went away fear caused Marge to raise Jerry at the railroad tracks.
That George couldn't find them if they moved fear caused Marge to raise Jerry at the railroad tracks.
That there wouldn't be any corn to eat if they moved fear caused Marge to raise Jerry at the railroad tracks.
Jerry was 11 when he asked his mother who his father had been.
Jerry was 2 when he asked his mother who his father had been.
Jerry was 36 when he asked his mother who his father had been.
Jerry was 100 when he asked his mother who his father had been.
name of the kitten was Ralph.
name of the kitten was Sammy.
name of the kitten was Lucy.
name of the kitten was Patricia.
the frog hurt His head.
the frog hurt His leg.
the frog hurt His nose.
the frog hurt His ankle.
the frog meeting his father because To become the new ruler.
the frog meeting his father because To go visit his mother together.
the frog meeting his father because For lunch.
the frog meeting his father because For a play date.
the frog hurt himself Being bitten by a kitten.
the frog hurt himself Running down a hill.
the frog hurt himself Jumping over a rock.
the frog hurt himself Jumping over a puddle.
the witch gave the child The pig.
the witch gave the child Chicken.
the witch gave the child The playground.
the witch gave the child A broom.
A chicken traveled with the witch.
A cat traveled with the witch.
A dog traveled with the witch.
A pig traveled with the witch.
the child afraid of the playground because There was a witch at the park.
the child afraid of the playground because She dug a hole and tripped once.
the child afraid of the playground because The child was afraid of the dark.
the child afraid of the playground because The child did not like pigs.
the parent took their child on the trip in The witch's house.
the parent took their child on the trip in To see a pig.
the parent took their child on the trip in To eat chicken.
the parent took their child on the trip in The playground.
didn't Jack's friends say hello to him because His haircut made him look like a different person.
didn't Jack's friends say hello to him because He was in the forest.
didn't Jack's friends say hello to him because He left his home by Whipple Creek.
didn't Jack's friends say hello to him because Dean the Librarian lost his book.
Willy the Candy Man was the second person Jack met on the way back home.
Dean the Librarian was the second person Jack met on the way back home.
Ichabod the Chief of Police was the second person Jack met on the way back home.
Edward the Barber was the second person Jack met on the way back home.
Jack lives in By Whipple Creek.
Jack lives in In the forest with his friends.
Jack lives in In town.
Jack lives in In a barbershop.
Jack really want to get his hair cut because He wanted a new look.
Jack really want to get his hair cut because It was fun getting his hair cut.
Jack really want to get his hair cut because So his friends wouldn't know it was him.
Jack really want to get his hair cut because The Summer Sun was too hot, and his long hair made it worse.
Hugo got to Etopit Spaceship.
Hugo got to Etopit Car.
Hugo got to Etopit Plane.
Hugo got to Etopit Sneeze.
the giant orange farm was in Earth.
the giant orange farm was in Tiddlywink.
the giant orange farm was in Rebeti.
the giant orange farm was in Etopit.
Hugo tell the squirrels his was named Rufus.
Hugo tell the squirrels his was named Etopit.
Hugo tell the squirrels his was named Tiddlywink.
Hugo tell the squirrels his was named Xenon.
Hugo traveled to Etopit on 2.
Hugo traveled to Etopit on 2037.
Hugo traveled to Etopit on 7.
Hugo traveled to Etopit on 1032.
George and Paul want to eat for lunch Chips.
George and Paul want to eat for lunch Pasta.
George and Paul want to eat for lunch Pizza.
George and Paul want to eat for lunch Burgers and Fries.
Paul picks where they went for lunch.
Ralph picks where they went for lunch.
George picks where they went for lunch.
Sam picks where they went for lunch.
Best Burger has the best burgers, says Paul.
School has the best burgers, says Paul.
Good Burger has the best burgers, says Paul.
Great Burger has the best burgers, says Paul.
George and Paul know each other Best Burger.
George and Paul know each other Great Burger.
George and Paul know each other Lunch period.
George and Paul know each other Fries.
Timmy was Bear.
Timmy was Hamster.
Timmy was Tiger.
Timmy was Horse.
Timmy broke Henry's leg.
Bear broke Henry's leg.
Buster broke Henry's leg.
Horse broke Henry's leg.
Hamster is Henry.
Horse is Henry.
Bear is Henry.
Tiger is Henry.
Henry needed from the river Water.
Henry needed from the river Play.
Henry needed from the river Friends.
Henry needed from the river Swim.
Tim and Tom are mixed up by others Their names sound alike.
Tim and Tom are mixed up by others They sound alike.
Tim and Tom are mixed up by others They dress alike.
Tim and Tom are mixed up by others They look alike.
Tom warn Tim not to got when it comes to gifts Any board games.
Tom warn Tim not to got when it comes to gifts Any item with dinosaurs included.
Tom warn Tim not to got when it comes to gifts Any item with feathers included.
Tom warn Tim not to got when it comes to gifts Any toy cars.
Tim and his mom not go through to got to the toy aisle Clothing.
Tim and his mom not go through to got to the toy aisle Medicine.
Tim and his mom not go through to got to the toy aisle Jewelry.
Tim and his mom not go through to got to the toy aisle Garden.
Daryl go to Tom's birthday party.
James go to Tom's birthday party.
John go to Tom's birthday party.
Angie go to Tom's birthday party.
Fox and Rabbit was not home.
Bear and Goose was not home.
Duck and Turtle was not home.
Bear and Duck was not home.
Rabbit lives next door to Bear.
Duck and Fox lives next door to Bear.
Turtle lives next door to Bear.
Bear lives next door to Bear.
Rabbit was Fox fishing with.
Duck was Fox fishing with.
Turtle was Fox fishing with.
Bear was Fox fishing with.
Fox was Turtle's best friend.
Duck was Turtle's best friend.
Rabbit was Turtle's best friend.
Bear was Turtle's best friend.
Lizzie picked for her mother Lizzie picked lilies.
Lizzie picked for her mother Lizzie picked a bird's nest.
Lizzie picked for her mother Lizzie picked a paper cup.
Lizzie picked for her mother Lizzie picked mushrooms.
Lizzie saw at the edge of the pond Lizzie saw a paper cup at the edge of the pond.  Lizzie saw mushrooms at the edge of the pond.
Lizzie saw at the edge of the pond Lizzie saw deer at the edge of the pond.  Lizzie saw flowers at the edge of the pond.
Lizzie saw at the edge of the pond Lizzie saw butterflies at the edge of the pond.  Lizzie saw a bush at the edge of the pond.
Lizzie saw at the edge of the pond Lizzie saw her dog at the edge of the pond.  Lizzie saw her brother at the edge of the pond.
Lizzie dreamed about She dreamed that there was a deer at the edge of the pond and that there were red flowers near the pond.
Lizzie dreamed about She dreamed there were no flowers in the woods. She dreamed it was sunny.
Lizzie dreamed about She dreamed she tripped over a log and hurt her ankle. She dreamed she was going to have to sleep in the woods.
Lizzie dreamed about She dreamed her father found her in the woods. She dreamed she picked mushrooms for her mother.
Lizzie's dog's was name Alice.
Lizzie's dog's was name Lizzie.
Lizzie's dog's was name Daisy.
Lizzie's dog's was name Henry.
Jamey looked at before picking one He looked at one of them pets.
Jamey looked at before picking one He looked at four of them pets.
Jamey looked at before picking one He looked at three of them pets.
Jamey looked at before picking one He looked at two of them pets.
Jamey have to promise his parents so he could got a dog Jamey had to promise to only let his mom and dad feed and walk the dog.
Jamey have to promise his parents so he could got a dog Jamey had to promise to pet the dog.
Jamey have to promise his parents so he could got a dog Jamey had to promise to clean up after the dog.
Jamey have to promise his parents so he could got a dog Jamey had to promise to feed and walk the dog.
Jamey not chose the yellow dog because The yellow dog was very noisy.
Jamey not chose the yellow dog because He didn't want to feed the yellow dog.
Jamey not chose the yellow dog because The yellow dog was too big.
Jamey not chose the yellow dog because He didn't want to walk the yellow dog.
colors of the different dogs Jamey saw were He saw brown, black, and gray dogs.
colors of the different dogs Jamey saw were He saw yellow, white, and brown dogs.
colors of the different dogs Jamey saw were He saw white, brown and black dogs.
colors of the different dogs Jamey saw were He saw yellow, black and white dogs.
the farmer was out doing Walking to the store.
the farmer was out doing Eating bananas at a park.
the farmer was out doing Picking bananas.
the farmer was out doing Singing at a school.
Carol and Jake live in Near train tracks.
Carol and Jake live in In Orangeville.
Carol and Jake live in Next to a school.
Carol and Jake live in Next to a banana farm.
Jake leant on Carol because It was painful for him to walk.
Jake leant on Carol because He had trouble carrying all of the bananas.
Jake leant on Carol because To push her to go to the farm.
Jake leant on Carol because He felt bad about taking the farmer's bananas.
It was scraped by a nail in the barn happened to Jake's leg.
He tripped on a rock and hurt it happened to Jake's leg.
He was bit by a dog on his way to school happened to Jake's leg.
He was stung by a bee happened to Jake's leg.
Kerry normally used the pail to carry grass.
Kerry normally used the pail to carry water.
Kerry normally used the pail to carry frogs.
Kerry normally used the pail to carry sand.
Kerry get a pail full of watered because to walk slowly.
Kerry get a pail full of watered because to play with his airplane.
Kerry get a pail full of watered because to water the grass.
Kerry get a pail full of watered because to put the frog in.
Kerry playing with toys was in at the beach.
Kerry playing with toys was in in the stream.
Kerry playing with toys was in in the house.
Kerry playing with toys was in in the backyard.
Kerry put the frog in the stream because so that the frog could be with its family.
Kerry put the frog in the stream because he wanted to save the frog.
Kerry put the frog in the stream because he wanted it out of the backyard.
Kerry put the frog in the stream because so he could go back to playing with his airplane.
not fell asleep Brian.
not fell asleep Candace.
not fell asleep Eddie.
not fell asleep David.
Candace and David are the two friends Amy and her brother bring to the beach.
Candace and Eddie are the two friends Amy and her brother bring to the beach.
Eddie and Brian are the two friends Amy and her brother bring to the beach.
Candace and Brian are the two friends Amy and her brother bring to the beach.
Candace brought the blanket they sat on.
Brian brought the blanket they sat on.
Amy's father brought the blanket they sat on.
Amy's mother brought the blanket they sat on.
 Whose family went to the beach Amy's family.
 Whose family went to the beach Candace's family.
 Whose family went to the beach David's family.
 Whose family went to the beach Eddie's Family.
the bully's is name Deborah.
the bully's is name Adam.
the bully's is name Pierre.
the bully's is name Mike.
Adam and Deborah sit down to talked in Adam's Classroom.
Adam and Deborah sit down to talked in The Car.
Adam and Deborah sit down to talked in The Grass.
Adam and Deborah sit down to talked in Deborah's Work.
is Deborah's boss different from Adam's bully Deborah's boss can fire Deborah.
is Deborah's boss different from Adam's bully Adam's bully can fire Adam.
is Deborah's boss different from Adam's bully Deborah's boss does not like Deborah.
is Deborah's boss different from Adam's bully Adam cannot ignore the bully.
Deborah upset because The lawn had not been mowed.
Deborah upset because Her new boss is not nice.
Deborah upset because There is a bully in school.
Deborah upset because There were groceries in the car.
Max is Farmer.
Max is Human.
Max is Plant.
Max is Reindeer.
Potatoes doesn't Terry get for helping the farmer.
Money doesn't Terry get for helping the farmer.
Carrots doesn't Terry get for helping the farmer.
Corn doesn't Terry get for helping the farmer.
Playing with toys doesn't Terry enjoy doing.
Talking with Max doesn't Terry enjoy doing.
Sewing doesn't Terry enjoy doing.
Football doesn't Terry enjoy doing.
Max asks Terry for help.
A farmer asks Terry for help.
His parents asks Terry for help.
Terry asks Terry for help.
A bear such as Eddy.
A bunny such as Eddy.
A dog such as Eddy.
A kitten such as Eddy.
Black color was Eddy.
White color was Eddy.
Orange color was Eddy.
Gray color was Eddy.
Eddy best at was Hopping.
Eddy best at was Playing.
Eddy best at was Climbing.
Eddy best at was Running.
Eddy did most of the day Sit with people.
Eddy did most of the day Sleep, at least 12 hours.
Eddy did most of the day Eat food.
Eddy did most of the day Play with toys.
the narrator woofdoes at the the wolves animal.
the narrator woofdoes at the the lions animal.
the narrator woofdoes at the the bears animal.
the narrator woofdoes at the the penguins animal.
Samson is the bear.
Samson is the Zoo King.
Samson is the narrator.
Samson is the piggy.
the narrator feeds Samson Mustard Jars.
the narrator feeds Samson pig food.
the narrator feeds Samson pork chops.
the narrator feeds Samson restaurant food.
the Zoo, called Mustard Zoo.
the Zoo, called Blue Street Zoo.
the Zoo, called Zoo King.
the Zoo, called Samson Zoo.
Tony made for dinner spices.
Tony made for dinner bread.
Tony made for dinner spaghetti.
Tony made for dinner sauce.
the kitten's is name Tony.
the kitten's is name Arlo.
the kitten's is name Jack.
the kitten's is name Marbles.
Tony did at the park walk and talk.
Tony did at the park play.
Tony did at the park feel.
Tony did at the park laid.
Tonydo righted after dinner sleep.
Tonydo righted after dinner cook.
Tonydo righted after dinner clean.
Tonydo righted after dinner feed Marbles.
Woofington delivered the message to Morty Roo because Woofington liked to be a good dog.
Woofington delivered the message to Morty Roo because Woofington wanted Morty Roo to like him.
Woofington delivered the message to Morty Roo because Woofington had a special respect for spiders because they eat bugs that could bite him and make him sick.
Woofington delivered the message to Morty Roo because It would allow Woofington to chase Morty Roo around the neighborhood.
A blue spider such as Morty Roo.
An orange cat such as Morty Roo.
A pink spider such as Morty Roo.
A neighborhood dog such as Morty Roo.
Twinkle Toes afraid of growing his new skin because He was afraid that people might think he was a girl since he was pink.
Twinkle Toes afraid of growing his new skin because He was afraid Morty Roo would mistake him for another spider and eat him.
Twinkle Toes afraid of growing his new skin because He was afraid he wouldn't like being pink.
Twinkle Toes afraid of growing his new skin because He was afraid his new skin wouldn't fit.
must a spider get rid of its old skin because To hide from friends.
must a spider get rid of its old skin because To grow a new, larger skin.
must a spider get rid of its old skin because Because he is bored.
must a spider get rid of its old skin because To change colors.
Danny the dog saw Fanny earlier.
Freddy the frog saw Fanny earlier.
Colin the cat saw Fanny earlier.
Allen the alligator saw Fanny earlier.
Danny the dog had for dessert Fruit and pie.
Danny the dog had for dessert Ice cream and pie.
Danny the dog had for dessert Fruit and cupcake.
Danny the dog had for dessert Cupcake and ice cream.
Fanny bought at the store Meatballs, rice, and fruit.
Fanny bought at the store Fruit, garlic, and meatballs.
Fanny bought at the store Ice cream, tomato sauce, and garlic.
Fanny bought at the store Ice cream, fruit, and pasta.
Fanny saw at the store Allen and alligator.
Fanny saw at the store Danny the dog.
Fanny saw at the store Freddy the frog.
Fanny saw at the store Colin the cat.
God did Sam first ask for his phone.
Brother did Sam first ask for his phone.
Mom did Sam first ask for his phone.
Sister did Sam first ask for his phone.
name of the person who had lost the phone was Sam.
name of the person who had lost the phone was John.
name of the person who had lost the phone was Pat.
name of the person who had lost the phone was Lucy.
Sam found the phone on While playing.
Sam found the phone on While doing chores.
Sam found the phone on While sitting in the kitchen.
Sam found the phone on While praying before bed.
Sam wanted Toy.
Sam wanted Bat.
Sam wanted Phone.
Sam wanted Ball.
Sam's dog's is name Buttons.
Sam's dog's is name Rocky.
Sam's dog's is name Sam.
Sam's dog's is name Chris.
Red color is Sam's dog.
Yellow color is Sam's dog.
Brown color is Sam's dog.
White color is Sam's dog.
Rocky not like Sam because He is mean.
Rocky not like Sam because He is sad.
Rocky not like Sam because He is happy.
Rocky not like Sam because He is scared.
Sam feel about where hedoes is going Angry.
Sam feel about where hedoes is going Sad.
Sam feel about where hedoes is going Worried.
Sam feel about where hedoes is going Happy.
Jack ate for breakfast pear.
Jack ate for breakfast eggs.
Jack ate for breakfast cereal.
Jack ate for breakfast apple.
Jack watched on TV the news.
Jack watched on TV the weather.
Jack watched on TV cooking show.
Jack watched on TV sports.
Jack made hot dogs on next week.
Jack made hot dogs on today.
Jack made hot dogs on Sunday.
Jack made hot dogs on Saturday.
Jack start cleaning after lunched in backyard.
Jack start cleaning after lunched in kitchen.
Jack start cleaning after lunched in living room.
Jack start cleaning after lunched in bathroom.
Jim found in his pocket Kitty.
Jim found in his pocket Flashlight.
Jim found in his pocket String.
Jim found in his pocket Wood.
name of the giant was Bilbo.
name of the giant was Bob.
name of the giant was Pizza.
name of the giant was Jim.
name of Jim's kitty was Jim.
name of Jim's kitty was Steve.
name of Jim's kitty was Bob.
name of Jim's kitty was Adam.
Jim wanted to eat Carrots.
Jim wanted to eat Pizza.
Jim wanted to eat Hot Dog.
Jim wanted to eat Hamburger.
the friends went after arriving at the mall in Ben and Sasha went to the sporting goods store, and June and Bruce went to a movie.
the friends went after arriving at the mall in Bruce and June went to the sporting goods store, and Ben and Sasha went to a movie.
the friends went after arriving at the mall in Ben and Bruce went to the sporting goods store, and June and Sasha went to a movie.
the friends went after arriving at the mall in Bruce and Sasha went to the sporting goods store, and Ben and June went to a movie.
June time of year did the story take place.
October time of year did the story take place.
July time of year did the story take place.
May time of year did the story take place.
Ben, Margaret, Sasha, and Bruce went to the mall.
Ben, Maggie, Sasha, and Bruce went to the mall.
Ben, June, Sasha, and Bruce went to the mall.
Ben, Molly, Sasha, and Bruce went to the mall.
Bruce scraped another car when backing out of the parking spot, and Ben and Sasha got in trouble for stealing happened after the friends left the mall.
June scraped another car when backing out of the parking spot, and Ben and Sasha got in trouble for stealing happened after the friends left the mall.
Ben scraped another car when backing out of the parking spot, and June and Sasha got in trouble for stealing happened after the friends left the mall.
Sasha scraped another car when backing out of the parking spot, and Bruce and Ben got in trouble for stealing happened after the friends left the mall.
Sparky stole the sock because He wanted to give it to Mrs. Han.
Sparky stole the sock because He wanted to eat it.
Sparky stole the sock because He dislikes clean clothes.
Sparky stole the sock because He wanted to play.
Mrs. Tomly doing in her was back yard cooking on her grill.
Mrs. Tomly doing in her was back yard playing with Sparky.
Mrs. Tomly doing in her was back yard sleeping on a table.
Mrs. Tomly doing in her was back yard reading a book.
Johnny want the sock backed because It belonged to Mr. Wilson.
Johnny want the sock backed because It was his favorite sock.
Johnny want the sock backed because His mother had cleaned it.
Johnny want the sock backed because It belonged to Mrs. Han.
the cat point to where the little spotted dog did went with his tail.
the cat point to where the little spotted dog did went with his leg.
the cat point to where the little spotted dog did went with his paw.
the cat point to where the little spotted dog did went with his ear.
Mr. Lemon not likes banana and lemon.
Mr. Lemon not likes green mittens.
Mr. Lemon not likes vanilla and chocolate.
Mr. Lemon not likes strawberry and apple.
Mr. Banana patted Ms. Strawberry on the head and told her "Not everyone is going to like your cupcakes.
Mrs. Apple patted Ms. Strawberry on the head and told her "Not everyone is going to like your cupcakes.
Mr. Lemon patted Ms. Strawberry on the head and told her "Not everyone is going to like your cupcakes.
Ms. Mitten patted Ms. Strawberry on the head and told her "Not everyone is going to like your cupcakes.
the cupcakes had Banana.
the cupcakes had Strawberry.
the cupcakes had Chocolate.
the cupcakes had Vanilla.
 Ms. Strawberry's cupcake party was that.. evening.
 Ms. Strawberry's cupcake party was that.. night.
 Ms. Strawberry's cupcake party was that.. afternoon.
 Ms. Strawberry's cupcake party was that.. morning.
Max thought of the snow That it was made of powder.
Max thought of the snow That the farmer was mad.
Max thought of the snow That it tasted good.
Max thought of the snow That it was cold and pretty.
the cow's was name Max.
the cow's was name Henry.
the cow's was name Omaha.
the cow's was name Bob.
The Farmer told Max that it was snow.
The Rooster told Max that it was snow.
The Spider told Max that it was snow.
Another cow told Max that it was snow.
Max left the barn because Because his mom told him to.
Max left the barn because It was time for supper.
Max left the barn because The Farmer told him to go outside.
Max left the barn because He wanted to know why the ground was bright outside.
Johnny met Johnny did not meet a dinosaur.
Johnny met A friendly dinosaur.
Johnny met A sleepy dinosaur.
Johnny met A T-Rex.
He pushed the button that said "present." button did Johnny push.
He pushed the button that said "space." button did Johnny push.
He did not push a button button did Johnny push.
He pushed the button that said "past." button did Johnny push.
the time machine looked like A silver ice-cream cone with a round hole.
the time machine looked like A silver triangle with a square hole.
the time machine looked like A silver ice-cream cone with a square hole.
the time machine looked like A silver triangle with a round hole.
the three buttons said Present, space, and Dimension X.
the three buttons said There were more than three buttons.
the three buttons said Past, present and now.
the three buttons said Past, present and space.
Michael's dad taught him about throwing a football How to hold the football with both hands and keep his eyes wide open when he threw the football.
Michael's dad taught him about throwing a football How to put his fingers on the laces and how to keep his shoulder and the football in a straight line before he threw it.
Michael's dad taught him about throwing a football How to use his wrist to throw the football straight and how to close one eye before he threw it.
Michael's dad taught him about throwing a football How to look at the tire before he threw the football and how to stand up straight.
name of the main character in the story was Joe.
name of the main character in the story was Nick.
name of the main character in the story was Ryan.
name of the main character in the story was Michael.
Michael sat with on the bus Joe.
Michael sat with on the bus Ryan.
Michael sat with on the bus Nick.
Michael sat with on the bus his teacher.
Michael's favorite food was carrots.
Michael's favorite food was milk.
Michael's favorite food was Corn.
Michael's favorite food was Hotdogs.
Bobby finds in his room A leprechaun.
Bobby finds in his room Bigfoot.
Bobby finds in his room A mermaid.
Bobby finds in his room An angel.
No one can Bobby tell about the angel.
His grandma can Bobby tell about the angel.
His mother can Bobby tell about the angel.
His brother can Bobby tell about the angel.
Bobby beat the angeldoes at the Cards games.
Bobby beat the angeldoes at the Rock-paper-scissors games.
Bobby beat the angeldoes at the Checkers games.
Bobby beat the angeldoes at the Chess games.
White color is the angel's wings not.
Green color is the angel's wings not.
Red color is the angel's wings not.
Blue color is the angel's wings not.
Linda is going to miss doing Swim with her friend Lilly.
Linda is going to miss doing See the Eiffel Tower with her friend Lilly.
Linda is going to miss doing See movies with her friend Lilly.
Linda is going to miss doing Play Baseball with her friend Lilly.
Linda worried about the fact that she couldn't speak French because She thought she'd get lost.
Linda worried about the fact that she couldn't speak French because She wouldn't know how to order food.
Linda worried about the fact that she couldn't speak French because Everyone might make fun of her.
Linda worried about the fact that she couldn't speak French because She wanted to make friends with the people there.
summer is in Spain.
summer is in Italy.
summer is in England.
summer is in France.
was Linda feeling on the last day of school Nervous.
was Linda feeling on the last day of school Excited.
was Linda feeling on the last day of school Worried.
was Linda feeling on the last day of school Happy.
His parents brought out cake for him happened when Jon woke up.
He saw his parents brushing their teeth happened when Jon woke up.
His parents were still asleep so he had to go back to sleep happened when Jon woke up.
He opened his presents when his parents were still sleeping happened when Jon woke up.
Jon really wanted A pair of pants.
Jon really wanted ice cream.
Jon really wanted A picture of his favorite basketball player.
Jon really wanted Basketball.
Jondo after he did got his basketball He ate cake and wanted to play with his new ball.
Jondo after he did got his basketball He ate ice cream and went outside to play.
Jondo after he did got his basketball He ate pizza and finished opening the rest of his gifts.
Jondo after he did got his basketball He ate chips and went back to sleep.
Jon got two gifts.
Jon got one gifts.
Jon got four gifts.
Jon got three gifts.
the boy's favorite TV shows is Fido &amp; Jimmy.
the boy's favorite TV shows is Flintstones &amp; Scooby Doo.
the boy's favorite TV shows is Mom &amp; Jimmy.
the boy's favorite TV shows is Seinfeld &amp; King of the Hill.
Jimmy think after he did went outside He was happy and wanted to go outside every day after school.
Jimmy think after he did went outside He wanted to watch television again.
Jimmy think after he did went outside He wanted to eat a snack.
Jimmy think after he did went outside He wanted to play with Fido.
Jimmy's dog , called Scooby Doo.
Jimmy's dog , called Fido.
Jimmy's dog , called Jimmy.
Jimmy's dog , called Flintstone.
the boy's is name Mom.
the boy's is name Flintstones.
the boy's is name Scooby Doo.
the boy's is name Jimmy.
Two o'clock time was Chris coming over.
This morning time was Chris coming over.
Twelve o'clock time was Chris coming over.
Tonight time was Chris coming over.
Nick and Chris both liked todo Draw pictures and paint.
Nick and Chris both liked todo Read books.
Nick and Chris both liked todo Eat lunch.
Nick and Chris both liked todo Ride bikes and play games.
His grandfather was Nick going to meet for this first time.
His cousin was Nick going to meet for this first time.
His grandmother was Nick going to meet for this first time.
His aunt was Nick going to meet for this first time.
Nick surprised because Chris liked the same things as him.
Nick surprised because He fell asleep.
Nick surprised because Chris was a girl.
Nick surprised because Chris was his cousin.
Jill prefered Science.
Jill prefered Art.
Jill prefered History.
Jill prefered Math.
Jill notdo to were ready for the test Made a cheat sheet with the test answers.
Jill notdo to were ready for the test Got lots of sleep the night before.
Jill notdo to were ready for the test Woke up early and had breakfast.
Jill notdo to were ready for the test Studied hard the whole week.
Jill studied with her friend in At the library.
Jill studied with her friend in At school.
Jill studied with her friend in At the park.
Jill studied with her friend in At her house.
Jill upset because She failed a test.
Jill upset because She fought with Michelle.
Jill upset because She was grounded.
Jill upset because She lost a library book.
Chicken gave Bobby his favorite blanket.
Arthur gave Bobby his favorite blanket.
Cat gave Bobby his favorite blanket.
Dog gave Bobby his favorite blanket.
the little mouses uncles was name Bobby.
the little mouses uncles was name Forest.
the little mouses uncles was name Penny.
the little mouses uncles was name Arthur.
Bobby's favorite thing was blanket.
Bobby's favorite thing was earring.
Bobby's favorite thing was penny.
Bobby's favorite thing was safety pin.
Bobby had to make sure didn't see him Dog.
Bobby had to make sure didn't see him People.
Bobby had to make sure didn't see him Arthur.
Bobby had to make sure didn't see him Cat.
Betsy stop playing with Twinkles to go homed because She forgot her lunch at home and was getting hungry.
Betsy stop playing with Twinkles to go homed because There were rain clouds in the sky and Betsy wanted to get her umbrella so she and Twinkles could still play.
Betsy stop playing with Twinkles to go homed because She missed her mother at home in the cave.
Betsy stop playing with Twinkles to go homed because Betsy needed to get a drink of water from her mother in the cave.
Twinkles lives in An old willow tree that grows next to a river in a forest.
Twinkles lives in In a garden near the forest.
Twinkles lives in In a wet cave.
Twinkles lives in In a beautiful meadow filled with daffodils by a river.
Twinkles glad to help Betsy the Bat because She wanted to free Betsy so she could eat the berries Betsy had gathered to eat.
Twinkles glad to help Betsy the Bat because Because that's what friends are for!.
Twinkles glad to help Betsy the Bat because She did not really want to help Betsy.
Twinkles glad to help Betsy the Bat because She wanted to play with Betsy's toys.
Twinkles freed Betsy from the mud She held one end of the stick, Betsy held the other, and then she pulled very hard.
Twinkles freed Betsy from the mud She used water from the river to rinse away the mud.
Twinkles freed Betsy from the mud She called Betsy's mother for help.
Twinkles freed Betsy from the mud She used a stick to slowly scrape away all of the mud.
At dinnertime time did Eric have to be home.
In the morning time did Eric have to be home.
Right after school time did Eric have to be home.
Before dark time did Eric have to be home.
not at show and was tell Eric.
not at show and was tell John.
not at show and was tell Candice.
not at show and was tell Angie.
Angie bring to showed and tell A lizard that could change colors.
Angie bring to showed and tell A hat.
Angie bring to showed and tell A hamster.
Angie bring to showed and tell A flower.
Eric's magic was trick Making a flower grow.
Eric's magic was trick Making Angie disappear.
Eric's magic was trick Making a lizard change color.
Eric's magic was trick Pulling a hamster out of a hat.
the family not ate at the park for lunch fries.
the family not ate at the park for lunch popcorn.
the family not ate at the park for lunch pizza.
the family not ate at the park for lunch burgers.
the family eat lunched on When they first got to the park.
the family eat lunched on Before the flamingos.
the family eat lunched on After seeing all of the animals.
the family eat lunched on After seeing the giraffes.
the family saw the animals in Flamingos, monkeys, lions, and giraffes.
the family saw the animals in Lions, Flamingos, giraffes, and monkeys.
the family saw the animals in Flamingos, giraffes, monkeys, and lions.
the family saw the animals in Flamingos, lions, giraffes, and monkeys.
the first animal the kids was seen at the zoo monkeys.
the first animal the kids was seen at the zoo giraffes.
the first animal the kids was seen at the zoo lions.
the first animal the kids was seen at the zoo flamingos.
the weather was like that day Bright and sunny with clear skies and little wind.
the weather was like that day Cloudy, with a little bit of wind.
the weather was like that day Cloudy, with lots of wind.
the weather was like that day Bright and sunny, but windy.
Joe got as a gift from one of his friends A book about insects.
Joe got as a gift from one of his friends A helmet.
Joe got as a gift from one of his friends A pet.
Joe got as a gift from one of his friends A bicycle.
Joe asked before riding his bicycle His neighbors.
Joe asked before riding his bicycle His parents.
Joe asked before riding his bicycle His friends.
Joe asked before riding his bicycle He did not ask anyone.
Joe see when he did was riding his bicycle Some insects, pets, and flowers.
Joe see when he did was riding his bicycle Some insects, pets, and his parents.
Joe see when he did was riding his bicycle His neighbors.
Joe see when he did was riding his bicycle Some flowers and his friends.
Kramer tells her he wants to play hide &amp; seek and they become friends and play. Mary is it happens after the mouse hides in the wall.
Kramer cries happens after the mouse hides in the wall.
Mary runs away happens after the mouse hides in the wall.
Kramer plays with his squeaky mouse happens after the mouse hides in the wall.
the mouse's is name Boots.
the mouse's is name Kramer.
the mouse's is name Mary.
the mouse's is name Mouse.
the kitten's is name Boots.
the kitten's is name Kramer.
the kitten's is name Mouse.
the kitten's is name Mary.
Kramer likes todo He likes mice.
Kramer likes todo He likes his black fur.
Kramer likes todo He likes to play all night and sleep all day and he likes his squeaky mouse.
Kramer likes todo He likes his white boots.
Matt's friend not want to be a clown because He doesn't like to make people laugh.
Matt's friend not want to be a clown because He doesn't know where the clown school is.
Matt's friend not want to be a clown because He doesn't like Matt.
Matt's friend not want to be a clown because He doesn't like to look weird.
Matt want to be a clown because He loves making people laugh.
Matt want to be a clown because He is an adult.
Matt want to be a clown because He is looking for a job.
Matt want to be a clown because He wants to go to clown school.
Matt have todo in order to becomes a clown He must be looking for a job.
Matt have todo in order to becomes a clown He must want to be a clown.
Matt have todo in order to becomes a clown He must be an adult.
Matt have todo in order to becomes a clown He must go to clown school.
Matt not rode the blue tricycle in The gym.
Matt not rode the blue tricycle in The lunchroom.
Matt not rode the blue tricycle in The classrooms.
Matt not rode the blue tricycle in The bathroom.
Thomas ate in the story a chocolate chip cookie.
Thomas ate in the story hot chocolate.
Thomas ate in the story a sugar cookie.
Thomas ate in the story a sugar cake.
the knock at the door excited Thomas because It meant Ben was there to go sledding.
the knock at the door excited Thomas because It meant that Ben's brother was there.
the knock at the door excited Thomas because It meant his package arrived.
the knock at the door excited Thomas because It meant his dad was home.
it need to the weekend in order for them to went sledding because Thomas' father had off from work.
it need to the weekend in order for them to went sledding because Thomas father would have work that day.
it need to the weekend in order for them to went sledding because Thomas had no school.
it need to the weekend in order for them to went sledding because Thomas mother would not be home.
Ben and Thomas put on before going to the garage their shoes.
Ben and Thomas put on before going to the garage Thomas' dad's gloves.
Ben and Thomas put on before going to the garage their coats.
Ben and Thomas put on before going to the garage their gloves.
didn't the driver go home and have fun because he had to eat some meat.
didn't the driver go home and have fun because he didn't want to.
didn't the driver go home and have fun because He was busy working.
didn't the driver go home and have fun because he hit a turtle.
the driverdo to stoped him from being sad He took meat to the store.
the driverdo to stoped him from being sad He put meat in the trash.
the driverdo to stoped him from being sad he took turtles to the store.
the driverdo to stoped him from being sad He put the turtles in the trash.
the driver took to the store the second time fireworks.
the driver took to the store the second time a chair.
the driver took to the store the second time turtles.
the driver took to the store the second time meat.
the driver hit two turtles turtles.
the driver hit eight turtles turtles.
the driver hit zero turtles turtles.
the driver hit five turtles turtles.
Billy want to ate the bunny because Billy's friend dared him to eat a bunny.
Billy want to ate the bunny because The bunny was mean to Billy.
Billy want to ate the bunny because Billy was hungry and bunnies are delicious.
Billy want to ate the bunny because Billy was bored.
Billy grow uped in Monster City.
Billy grow uped in Monsterville.
Billy grow uped in Monster Land.
Billy grow uped in Monster Town.
Billy found in the house A spoon.
Billy found in the house A bed.
Billy found in the house A box with colored pebbles inside.
Billy found in the house A bunny.
the house that Billy was found in In a field.
the house that Billy was found in In a town.
the house that Billy was found in Next to another house.
the house that Billy was found in In a city.
the zoo have to close downed because There was a turtle missing.
the zoo have to close downed because The zoo worker became ill.
the zoo have to close downed because They ran out of lettuce.
the zoo have to close downed because The lions were angry.
the turtle's was name Chris.
the turtle's was name Brian.
the turtle's was name Samantha.
the turtle's was name Charlie.
Charlie's idea for saving Brian was Charlie was going to give Brian a radio.
Charlie's idea for saving Brian was Charlie was going to take the Polar Bears out for a fish lunch.
Charlie's idea for saving Brian was Charlie was going to run in and pick Brian up before the Polar Bears got angry.
Charlie's idea for saving Brian was Charlie was going to put a stuffed animal where Brian was in the Polar Bear cage.
the turtle eating when they was found him Lettuce.
the turtle eating when they was found him A stuffed animal.
the turtle eating when they was found him Fish.
the turtle eating when they was found him Eggs.
the mother took the dog outside because the dog was taking pictures.
the mother took the dog outside because the dog was playing with a ball that flew past her head.
the mother took the dog outside because the dog ate a spoon.
the mother took the dog outside because the dog was eating the ham.
the motherdo when she sawed the clouds ate ham.
the motherdo when she sawed the clouds played with the dog.
the motherdo when she sawed the clouds went to school.
the motherdo when she sawed the clouds saw how pretty they were and took pictures.
the motherdo when she sawed the clouds in the sky take pictures of them.
the motherdo when she sawed the clouds in the sky throw a ball.
the motherdo when she sawed the clouds in the sky cook them.
the motherdo when she sawed the clouds in the sky pick the kids up from school.
the mother cooking in the kitchen was a ball.
the mother cooking in the kitchen was a ham.
the mother cooking in the kitchen was a dog.
the mother cooking in the kitchen was a cloud.
mom went with the woman dress shopping.
a cashier went with the woman dress shopping.
a bug went with the woman dress shopping.
dad went with the woman dress shopping.
special about the day was it was opposite day.
special about the day was it was Father's day.
special about the day was it was the mom's birthday.
special about the day was it was a Monday.
the woman shopping for was a cashier.
the woman shopping for was a mom.
the woman shopping for was a dress.
the woman shopping for was a restaurant.
the restaurant cooking peas because they ran out of food.
the restaurant cooking peas because the bugs told them to.
the restaurant cooking peas because it was opposite day.
the restaurant cooking peas because it was lunch time.
Ogthar did after forgetting about his shoes He went to school and became a fireman.
Ogthar did after forgetting about his shoes He went to school and blew his nose.
Ogthar did after forgetting about his shoes He farted and went to school.
Ogthar did after forgetting about his shoes He blew his nose and farted.
Ogthar have to did before hiding his wand Tie his shoes.
Ogthar have to did before hiding his wand Blow his nose.
Ogthar have to did before hiding his wand Say goodbye to his friends.
Ogthar have to did before hiding his wand Use the restroom.
Ogthar cried because He lost his shoes.
Ogthar cried because He couldn't use the restroom.
Ogthar cried because He couldn't say goodbye to his friends.
Ogthar cried because He couldn't blow his nose.
Ogthar lost his shoes He tried to make the wand do it for him, but they blew them off his feet instead.
Ogthar lost his shoes He never found his mom to do it for him.
Ogthar lost his shoes He blew his nose too hard and died.
Ogthar lost his shoes He tried to go to school too early.
two of the adventurers from were in Paris.
two of the adventurers from were in Vlastos.
two of the adventurers from were in France.
two of the adventurers from were in Norway.
the adventurers went on their adventure in Bravos.
the adventurers went on their adventure in France.
the adventurers went on their adventure in Hyperion.
the adventurers went on their adventure in Norway.
Thor and Bravos make Pierre went into the cave By making fun of his jackets.
Thor and Bravos make Pierre went into the cave By telling him about the beautiful ice shapes in the cave.
Thor and Bravos make Pierre went into the cave By telling him that the horrible bug monster Vlastos was only a fairy tale.
Thor and Bravos make Pierre went into the cave By saying they would send him back to France if he didn't.
the adventurers found at the end of the tunnel Pierre.
the adventurers found at the end of the tunnel three jackets.
the adventurers found at the end of the tunnel a huge room with beautiful ice shapes on the walls.
the adventurers found at the end of the tunnel a horrible bug monster.
John found the blue flowers in by the stream.
John found the blue flowers in in the kitchen.
John found the blue flowers in by the fence.
John found the blue flowers in along the road.
John did the children give the flowers to.
Mother did the children give the flowers to.
Alice did the children give the flowers to.
Jack did the children give the flowers to.
not a favorite was Blue.
not a favorite was Pink.
not a favorite was Purple.
not a favorite was Red.
John's favorite was color Yellow.
John's favorite was color Blue.
John's favorite was color Red.
John's favorite was color Purple.
the dad's favorite food was Vegetable.
the dad's favorite food was Hotdog with mustard.
the dad's favorite food was Hotdog with ketchup.
the dad's favorite food was Chicken.
they choose what to ate for thanksgiving They took turns.
they choose what to ate for thanksgiving They argued about it.
they choose what to ate for thanksgiving They all wanted the same thing.
they choose what to ate for thanksgiving They invited grandpa over to make it all.
the mom's favorite food was Hotdog with mustard.
the mom's favorite food was Hotdog with Ketchup.
the mom's favorite food was Chicken.
the mom's favorite food was Vegetables.
the twins liked Ally preferred chicken and Jonah preferred vegetables.
the twins liked Ally preferred vegetables and Jonah preferred chicken.
the twins liked Ally preferred mustard and Jonah preferred ketchup.
the twins liked Ally preferred ketchup and Jonah preferred mustard.
the girl is worried about school.
the girl is worried about bear.
the girl is worried about stuffed animal.
the girl is worried about fire.
firefighter is the main character in the story.
girl is the main character in the story.
doctor is the main character in the story.
grandpa is the main character in the story.
firefighter picks the girl up from school.
cousin picks the girl up from school.
grandpa picks the girl up from school.
mother picks the girl up from school.
the mothers is job firefighter.
the mothers is job monkey.
the mothers is job doctor.
the mothers is job swimmer.
Matthew, soccer hurt his knee, and from what.
Zach, football hurt his knee, and from what.
Mark, football hurt his knee, and from what.
John, baseball hurt his knee, and from what.
the boys favorite was sport Football.
the boys favorite was sport Soccer.
the boys favorite was sport basketball.
the boys favorite was sport Baseball.
Zach, soccer hurt his arm, and from what.
Mark, football hurt his arm, and from what.
Matthew, football hurt his arm, and from what.
John, basketball hurt his arm, and from what.
the parents made them bacon.
the parents made them waffles.
the parents made them hamburgers.
the parents made them Pancakes.
they found in the park Greg's mother.
they found in the park A ball.
they found in the park A large tree.
they found in the park Their friend, Robert.
name of Greg's friend who could not play with them was Peter.
name of Greg's friend who could not play with them was Greg.
name of Greg's friend who could not play with them was Lucy.
name of Greg's friend who could not play with them was Robert.
Greg, Peter, and Lucy walked to the park together because They wanted to climb a tree in the park.
Greg, Peter, and Lucy walked to the park together because Their friend Robert told them to go to the park.
Greg, Peter, and Lucy walked to the park together because There was a ball that they could play with in the park.
Greg, Peter, and Lucy walked to the park together because Greg's mother wanted them to play in the park.
Greg's mother know that something did had happened to him Robert could not play.
Greg's mother know that something did had happened to him She could see that Greg was scared.
Greg's mother know that something did had happened to him She spoke to Lucy, who told her what happened.
Greg's mother know that something did had happened to him His shirt was dirty.
wedo after breakfasted in Went shopping.
wedo after breakfasted in Cooked breakfast.
wedo after breakfasted in Took a nap.
wedo after breakfasted in Went to the park.
we did after buying the flowers Bought more flowers.
we did after buying the flowers Bought ingredients.
we did after buying the flowers Went home.
we did after buying the flowers Bought cards.
we bought first Pancake.
we bought first Ingredient.
we bought first Flowers.
we bought first Card.
I choose to got Kid.
I choose to got Dog.
I choose to got Cat.
I choose to got Animal.
Mr. Brown else did Sam buy a soda for.
Jim else did Sam buy a soda for.
No one else did Sam buy a soda for.
His mother else did Sam buy a soda for.
Sam got a soda because Jim bought him one.
Sam got a soda because He was thirsty from playing outside.
Sam got a soda because They were free.
Sam got a soda because He loved soda.
Sam looking for in his pockets was His snacks.
Sam looking for in his pockets was A soda.
Sam looking for in his pockets was His money.
Sam looking for in his pockets was His key to his house.
Sam go back homed because To get money for soda.
Sam go back homed because To show Jim his house.
Sam go back homed because To ask his mom for money.
Sam go back homed because To get a snack and a drink of water.
his mom upset because his room was messy.
his mom upset because it was nice outside.
his mom upset because it was snowing.
his mom upset because because he did not clean his room right.
the surprise was pizza.
the surprise was a clean room.
the surprise was toys.
the surprise was go to the park.
toys the first time is in at the park.
toys the first time is in in the closet.
toys the first time is in downstairs.
toys the first time is in under his bed.
room is in Upstairs.
room is in the basement.
room is in downstairs.
room is in the attic.
everyone ate at the party Hamburgers and cake.
everyone ate at the party Hot dogs and hamburgers.
everyone ate at the party Candy, ice cream, and cake.
everyone ate at the party Candy and hotdogs.
the clowns was name Bob.
the clowns was name Dad.
the clowns was name Bill.
the clowns was name Timmy.
the boy turned 7 Saturday.
the boy turned 7 Thursday.
the boy turned 7 Last week.
the boy turned 7 The weekend.
Bob.  They went swimming and ate candy slept over and what did theydo.
Timmy.  They went swimming and made a fort slept over and what did theydo.
Timmmy.  They made a fort and told ghost stories slept over and what did theydo.
No one slept over and what did theydo.
he made to the store Two trips.
he made to the store Four trips.
he made to the store One trips.
he made to the store Three trips.
he drove to the store Red van.
he drove to the store Blue truck.
he drove to the store Yellow bus.
he drove to the store Green car.
Two hours passed from the time he started making the food until he ate the food.
Four hours passed from the time he started making the food until he ate the food.
Three hours passed from the time he started making the food until he ate the food.
One hours passed from the time he started making the food until he ate the food.
Bob wanted to cook a fun meal.
Mark wanted to cook a fun meal.
Joe wanted to cook a fun meal.
Jim wanted to cook a fun meal.
Emily was A rainbow.
Emily was A swing.
Emily was A princess.
Emily was A tree.
Emily lived in In a chocolate tree.
Emily lived in In a rainbow.
Emily lived in In a house.
Emily lived in In a castle made of rainbows and chocolate.
Emily mad because Because Daisy yelled at Emily.
Emily mad because Because Daisy wanted to be first on the swings.
Emily mad because Because Daisy wouldn't play.
Emily mad because Because Daisy lied.
the King and Queen make Emily pushed Daisy first because Because Daisy liked chocolate and rainbows.
the King and Queen make Emily pushed Daisy first because Because sharing helps you keep friends.
the King and Queen make Emily pushed Daisy first because Because Emily was mean.
the King and Queen make Emily pushed Daisy first because Because Daisy was the real princess.
Becca cleaned her room because Because her mother told her she had to do chores before playing.
Becca cleaned her room because She wanted Faith to help her before she helped Faith with the fort.
Becca cleaned her room because To find her missing library book.
Becca cleaned her room because Because she wanted it to be neat.
Faith going to is build a fort.
Faith going to is build a backyard.
Faith going to is build a hamper.
Faith going to is build a bed.
Becca found under her bed toys.
Becca found under her bed a book.
Becca found under her bed clothes.
Becca found under her bed shoes.
Faith knocked on Becca's door.
Becca's mother knocked on Becca's door.
Bill knocked on Becca's door.
Sam knocked on Becca's door.
He was with John, in the box happened to John's friend.
He died happened to John's friend.
John didn't know happened to John's friend.
He was home safe, John didn't have friends happened to John's friend.
He was making boxes to float in his pool happened to John.
He was with his friend at the beach happened to John.
He was sleeping in his boat happened to John.
His boat sank, and he was stuck at sea happened to John.
 Did John have food or water in his box Yes, food and water.
 Did John have food or water in his box We don't know about his food or water.
 Did John have food or water in his box No food or water.
 Did John have food or water in his box Food but not water.
 Did John ever go home He died.
 Did John ever go home Yes.
 Did John ever go home No.
 Did John ever go home We don't know.
names of Kim's brothers are Danny and Jamie.
names of Kim's brothers are Danny and Jimmy.
names of Kim's brothers are David and Jamie.
names of Kim's brothers are David and Jimmy.
Her mother gave Kim her present.
Her brothers gave Kim her present.
Her father gave Kim her present.
Her grandparents gave Kim her present.
the present Kim was wanted for her birthday A model rocket.
the present Kim was wanted for her birthday A new backpack.
the present Kim was wanted for her birthday A dollhouse.
the present Kim was wanted for her birthday A doll.
Kim want her mother to made for her birthday mashed potatoes.
Kim want her mother to made for her birthday pizza.
Kim want her mother to made for her birthday macaroni and cheese.
Kim want her mother to made for her birthday spaghetti.
Rock is Watermelon's new friend.
Wind is Watermelon's new friend.
Bench is Watermelon's new friend.
Park is Watermelon's new friend.
Watermelon was in on a bench in the park.
Watermelon was in on the grass in the wind.
Watermelon was in on a rock in the park.
Watermelon was in on a cloud in the wind.
Rock wants todo laugh and roll.
Rock wants todo play and talk.
Rock wants todo sit and sing.
Rock wants todo run and jump.
The bench pushed Watermelon away.
the wind pushed Watermelon away.
Rock pushed Watermelon away.
Watermelon's friends pushed Watermelon away.
Ido lasted weekend I went to the zoo with my grandparents.
Ido lasted weekend I made dinner.
Ido lasted weekend I stomped on a bug.
Ido lasted weekend I read a story by myself.
didn't Grandma take my picture because The elephant got in the way.
didn't Grandma take my picture because Grandpa was stomping around.
didn't Grandma take my picture because She didn't want to.
didn't Grandma take my picture because I was too busy pretending to be a monkey.
I won won the be-like-an-elephant game.
Grandpa won won the be-like-an-elephant game.
The monkeys won won the be-like-an-elephant game.
Grandma won won the be-like-an-elephant game.
Ido after I came backed from the zoo I ate dinner, read a story, and went to bed.
Ido after I came backed from the zoo I stomped like an elephant, made monkey noises, and didn't stand still for a picture.
Ido after I came backed from the zoo I climbed a tree, stomped like an elephant, and won a game.
Ido after I came backed from the zoo I visited my grandparents, went to the zoo, and then went home.
swings caused Trish to put her book inside of her jacket to keep it dry.
rain caused Trish to put her book inside of her jacket to keep it dry.
leaves caused Trish to put her book inside of her jacket to keep it dry.
car caused Trish to put her book inside of her jacket to keep it dry.
Rick run to when he did arrived to the playground in swings.
Rick run to when he did arrived to the playground in slide.
Rick run to when he did arrived to the playground in bench.
Rick run to when he did arrived to the playground in monkey bars.
Trish was Rick's mother.
Martha was Rick's mother.
Chris was Rick's mother.
Andrew was Rick's mother.
Rick did asked Chris if he was okay in Tuesday.
Rick did asked Chris if he was okay in Friday.
Rick did asked Chris if he was okay in Wednesday.
Rick did asked Chris if he was okay in Thursday.
Sarah was 5 when she broke the piggy bank.
Sarah was 17 when she broke the piggy bank.
Sarah was 15 when she broke the piggy bank.
Sarah was 12 when she broke the piggy bank.
grandmother told Sarah a story about the bank.
her mother told Sarah a story about the bank.
Aunt Tracy told Sarah a story about the bank.
her great grandmother told Sarah a story about the bank.
the bank came from in her grandmother.
the bank came from in Aunt Tracy.
the bank came from in a garage sale.
the bank came from in the mall.
was broken in Sarah's mom's house.
was broken in Tracy's house.
was broken in Sarah's room.
was broken in the mall.
Kyle and his mom went to the store.
Kyle and his dad went to the store.
Sarah and Mom went to the store.
Sandy and Grandma went to the store.
Grandma gave Kyle the money.
Dad gave Kyle the money.
Sandy gave Kyle the money.
Sarah gave Kyle the money.
Kyle had two sisters.
Kyle had three sisters.
Kyle had four sisters.
Kyle had one sisters.
The white jeep on the bottom shelf toy did Kyle buy.
The bright blue ball on the middle shelf toy did Kyle buy.
A colorful game on the bottom shelf toy did Kyle buy.
The purple superhero on the top shelf toy did Kyle buy.
Every hop was higher than the last hops until the rabbit bounced higher.
Four hops until the rabbit bounced higher.
Three hops until the rabbit bounced higher.
Two hops until the rabbit bounced higher.
rabbits not like Melons.
rabbits not like Flowers.
rabbits not like Ice cream.
rabbits not like Carrots.
the rabbit smelt flowers only.
the rabbit smelt animals, carrots, cake.
the rabbit smelt the rabbit couldn't smell anything.
the rabbit smelt Flowers, bushes, carrots, ice cream, melons and animals.
 Did the rabbit have friends His friends had ice cream.
 Did the rabbit have friends He didn't have friends.
 Did the rabbit have friends A mother duck and her duckling.
 Did the rabbit have friends The flowers.
Corky going when he passed June's house was in To the orange house.
Corky going when he passed June's house was in To Jessie's house.
Corky going when he passed June's house was in To the store.
Corky going when he passed June's house was in To the hat store.
John lives in the green house.
Abe lives in the green house.
Corky lives in the green house.
June lives in the green house.
Corky bought Apple.
Corky bought Peanut butter.
Corky bought Chocolate chip.
Corky bought Sugar.
Corky reached the store at 5 o'clock.
Abe reached the store at 5 o'clock.
Barack reached the store at 5 o'clock.
Jessie reached the store at 5 o'clock.
the father, called Ann.
the father, called Joe.
the father, called Katie.
the father, called Mike.
the daughter, called Joe.
the daughter, called Katie.
the daughter, called Ann.
the daughter, called Mike.
Mike gave the monkeys their favorite treat.
Joe gave the monkeys their favorite treat.
Ann gave the monkeys their favorite treat.
Katie gave the monkeys their favorite treat.
Joe got an apple.
Joe got a bike.
Joe got a cracker.
Joe got a baby.
Billy's favorite ice was cream flavor Caramel Delight.
Billy's favorite ice was cream flavor Chocolate Chip.
Billy's favorite ice was cream flavor Rocky Road.
Billy's favorite ice was cream flavor Cookies and Cream.
Juno's favorite game was Hide and Seek.
Juno's favorite game was Tag.
Juno's favorite game was Catch me if you can.
Juno's favorite game was Fetch.
Kitten such as Juno.
Cat such as Juno.
Bird such as Juno.
Dog such as Juno.
the dog's is name Juno.
the dog's is name George.
the dog's is name Greg.
the dog's is name Sasha.
Jeremy is going to have a birthday party.
teacher is going to have a birthday party.
Jonny is going to have a birthday party.
Jimmy is going to have a birthday party.
preschool grade are the boys in.
kindergarten grade are the boys in.
first grade grade are the boys in.
second grade grade are the boys in.
one boy want to makes for the other boy picture.
one boy want to makes for the other boy pillow.
one boy want to makes for the other boy sock puppet.
one boy want to makes for the other boy cake.
dies Jimmy live is in corner.
dies Jimmy live is in the moon.
dies Jimmy live is in school.
dies Jimmy live is in three houses down.
Beach sight did they see in Italty.
pasta and pizza sight did they see in Italty.
Eiffel Tower sight did they see in Italty.
Leaning Tower of Pisa sight did they see in Italty.
Kate learn to said "hello" in 4 different languages.
Kate learn to said "hello" in 1 different languages.
Kate learn to said "hello" in 0 different languages.
Kate learn to said "hello" in 3 different languages.
Kate and her family visited 5 different places.
Kate and her family visited 3 different places.
Kate and her family visited 6 different places.
Kate and her family visited 4 different places.
Kate enjoyed the most England.
Kate enjoyed the most Spain.
Kate enjoyed the most France.
Kate enjoyed the most Italy.
lunchtime time of day was it when Timmy got bored.
morning time of day was it when Timmy got bored.
8 o'clock time of day was it when Timmy got bored.
midnight time of day was it when Timmy got bored.
Timmy was in camping.
Timmy was in Babysitter's house.
Timmy was in hotel.
Timmy was in home.
Timmy have to played with Paper boat.
Timmy have to played with dump truck.
Timmy have to played with train.
Timmy have to played with race car.
Timmy had for dinner spaghetti.
Timmy had for dinner hamburger and fries.
Timmy had for dinner pizza.
Timmy had for dinner Meat and toast.
Fritz drew first the toothpaste.
Fritz drew first his mama.
Fritz drew first cereal and milk.
Fritz drew first his bicycle.
the picture of the splinter in his foot made Stephen believe Fritz.
the picture of the cereal with milk made Stephen believe Fritz.
the picture of the toothpaste made Stephen believe Fritz.
the picture of the bicycle made Stephen believe Fritz.
Fritz's mama and papa wanted him todo Eat his cereal and brush his teeth.
Fritz's mama and papa wanted him todo Ride his bicycle and wash his face.
Fritz's mama and papa wanted him todo Ride his bicycle and brush his teeth.
Fritz's mama and papa wanted him todo Wash his face and eat his cereal.
Fritz's mama took the splinter out of Fritz's foot.
Fritz took the splinter out of Fritz's foot.
Fritz's papa took the splinter out of Fritz's foot.
Stephen took the splinter out of Fritz's foot.
the cat did with the tuna juice Let the woman have it.
the cat did with the tuna juice Licked it up.
the cat did with the tuna juice Let the dogs have it.
the cat did with the tuna juice Let the kids have it.
Herself is the woman making tuna sandwiches for.
Her two kids is the woman making tuna sandwiches for.
The dogs is the woman making tuna sandwiches for.
The cat is the woman making tuna sandwiches for.
the cat sleeping was in In the kitchen.
the cat sleeping was in Outside.
the cat sleeping was in On the table.
the cat sleeping was in Under the couch.
the dogs chase the cat to in To the table.
the dogs chase the cat to in Into the kitchen.
the dogs chase the cat to in Outside.
the dogs chase the cat to in Under the couch.
The mouse opened the back door.
The farmer's wife opened the back door.
Fred opened the back door.
The farmer opened the back door.
baking in the oven was Cookies.
baking in the oven was Bread.
baking in the oven was A cake.
baking in the oven was A pie.
the mouse ate in the kitchen Hay.
the mouse ate in the kitchen Bugs.
the mouse ate in the kitchen Bread crumbs.
the mouse ate in the kitchen Pie.
the bug's was name Fred.
the bug's was name Bug.
the bug's was name Julie.
the bug's was name Bill.
they go homed because Because it got cold.
they go homed because Because they were very tired.
they go homed because Because they were going to eat bread.
they go homed because Because it was dinner time.
they splashed by the lake because They thought it was a good idea because it was a hot day.
they splashed by the lake because Because they wanted to laugh.
they splashed by the lake because Because they wanted to play.
they splashed by the lake because Because they were bored.
the kids drew Bread.
the kids drew A lake.
the kids drew Nothing.
the kids drew A star.
there nothing for them todo because They were sick.
there nothing for them todo because It was late.
there nothing for them todo because It was the weekend.
there nothing for them todo because They had no ideas.
The parrot was eating a cracker in the kitchen.
The fish was eating a cracker in the kitchen.
The mommy cow was eating a cracker in the kitchen.
The squirrels was eating a cracker in the kitchen.
whole life is in In the yard.
whole life is in In the trees.
whole life is in In his bowl.
whole life is in In a barn.
the fish return to his bowled because He wanted to get rich.
the fish return to his bowled because He saw squirrels running around looking for food.
the fish return to his bowled because He wanted to change his life.
the fish return to his bowled because He was tired and it was a lot of work trying to see the world.
he saw in the barn in the field A special suit that let him walk on land and breathe air.
he saw in the barn in the field The bowl that was his home.
he saw in the barn in the field More trees than he had ever seen in his whole life.
he saw in the barn in the field A mommy cow teaching her calf how to run.
Tommy and I did after playing in the park in the morning washed the dog.
Tommy and I did after playing in the park in the morning watched TV.
Tommy and I did after playing in the park in the morning made dinner.
Tommy and I did after playing in the park in the morning We had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and milk for lunch.  Took a nap. Watched some TV.  Then went back to the park.
Mommy feel and what did shedo when she brought the kids homed pay more attention.
Mommy feel and what did shedo when she brought the kids homed She cried.
Mommy feel and what did shedo when she brought the kids homed took a bath.
Mommy feel and what did shedo when she brought the kids homed upset.
played games happened when daddy came home.
ate dinner happened when daddy came home.
crying, everyone said they would do things together happened when daddy came home.
went to bed happened when daddy came home.
Tommy and I did at the park in the morning and afternoon hide and seek.
Tommy and I did at the park in the morning and afternoon rode bikes, played baseball, ate candy from the store, played football, swim and watched other kids play.
Tommy and I did at the park in the morning and afternoon swimming.
Tommy and I did at the park in the morning and afternoon baseball.
doggy saw on his ride Pumpkin, bear, cat, rat, lion.
doggy saw on his ride Pumpkin, cat.
doggy saw on his ride Cat, rat, lion.
doggy saw on his ride Bear, cat, rat, lion.
the doggy did first Choose to write a book.
the doggy did first Gather pen and paper.
the doggy did first Cooked his dinner.
the doggy did first Put on shoes and hat.
the doggy's is name Phil.
the doggy's is name Walt.
the doggy's is name Sue.
the doggy's is name Jack.
After hours of writing He read his story and chose to write another one took place before the next day.
After hours of writing He went to bed took place before the next day.
After hours of writing He wrote his last sentence and got up to walk off the pain. The doggy cooked his dinner, ate, then went to bed took place before the next day.
After hours of writing He cooked his dinner and went to bed took place before the next day.
Sam's granddad's boat was in The house.
Sam's granddad's boat was in The lake.
Sam's granddad's boat was in The beach.
Sam's granddad's boat was in The school.
the boys rode in A van.
the boys rode in A truck.
the boys rode in A boat.
the boys rode in A motorcycle.
Sam won the counting trucks game.
James won the counting trucks game.
Their granddad won the counting trucks game.
Evan won the counting trucks game.
Sam use to made a bridge A piece of wood.
Sam use to made a bridge Their granddad's chair.
Sam use to made a bridge A noodle.
Sam use to made a bridge A large umbrella.
Pam and Rondo once they did returned to the front of the store Threw their food in the garbage can.
Pam and Rondo once they did returned to the front of the store Put their food back because it cost too much.
Pam and Rondo once they did returned to the front of the store They handed their items to the sales clerk to buy them.
Pam and Rondo once they did returned to the front of the store Fed Tom's pet bunny some carrots.
Pam and Ron go their separated ways in the store because To save time.
Pam and Ron go their separated ways in the store because Pam wanted to buy a bunny.
Pam and Ron go their separated ways in the store because Ron wanted to talk to Tom.
Pam and Ron go their separated ways in the store because It was dark and they couldn't see where they were going.
Pam saw in the fruit and vegetable section Tom.
Pam saw in the fruit and vegetable section A bunny.
Pam saw in the fruit and vegetable section Ron.
Pam saw in the fruit and vegetable section The sales clerk.
Pam and Ron went to the store on June fifth.
Pam and Ron went to the store on November fourth.
Pam and Ron went to the store on October third.
Pam and Ron went to the store on November third.
insects imagine eating.
dirt imagine eating.
spaghetti imagine eating.
chocolate cake imagine eating.
Ashley going for her birthday present was in the playground.
Ashley going for her birthday present was in the fair.
Ashley going for her birthday present was in her best friend's house.
Ashley going for her birthday present was in home.
Katherine playing with when Ashley was found her the swings.
Katherine playing with when Ashley was found her spaghetti.
Katherine playing with when Ashley was found her cake.
Katherine playing with when Ashley was found her insects.
Ashley's birthday was Saturday.
Ashley's birthday was Friday.
Ashley's birthday was summer.
Ashley's birthday was Wednesday.
the fish make me feel Sad.
the fish make me feel Hurt.
the fish make me feel Scared.
the fish make me feel Happy.
Pigs animal lives in the lake.
Fish animal lives in the lake.
Squirrels animal lives in the lake.
Raccoon animal lives in the lake.
I feed the animals at the park Bread, Crackers and Ham.
I feed the animals at the park Fish.
I feed the animals at the park Cracker, Ice Cream and Ham.
I feed the animals at the park Bread and Ice Cream.
Squirrels is not found in the lake.
Turtles is not found in the lake.
Worms is not found in the lake.
Fish is not found in the lake.
grandpa gave the boy a pea because The boy was hungry from wiggling.
grandpa gave the boy a pea because He found it in his long beard.
grandpa gave the boy a pea because He found it in a bag.
grandpa gave the boy a pea because It was a magic pea that would stop the boy's wiggle.
grandpa put the pea in On the winding path.
grandpa put the pea in In his long beard.
grandpa put the pea in In a square bag.
grandpa put the pea in On the boy's right knee.
His right knee started to wiggle happened when the boy got the pea.
His wiggle was wiggling even more happened when the boy got the pea.
He could not wiggle and could only walk straight happened when the boy got the pea.
He ate it for supper happened when the boy got the pea.
the grandpa liked todo Eat peas.
the grandpa liked todo Wiggle.
the grandpa liked todo Laugh.
the grandpa liked todo Cough.
the children wanted to make three snowballs.
the children wanted to make a classroom.
the children wanted to make a snowman.
the children wanted to make three bushes.
There was cold and snow happened in winter in the story.
There was snow and wind happened in winter in the story.
There was snow and rain happened in winter in the story.
There was rain and wind happened in winter in the story.
Jimmy brought the hat and scarf.
the little girl brought the hat and scarf.
Selma brought the hat and scarf.
Anita brought the hat and scarf.
Mrs. Scott and the children brought all the things to make the snowman.
Only Mrs. Scott brought all the things to make the snowman.
Only the children brought all the things to make the snowman.
Only Ricky brought all the things to make the snowman.
The squirrel did the lion first go talk to.
His brother did the lion first go talk to.
His father did the lion first go talk to.
His sister did the lion first go talk to.
the squirrel lived in With the lion's friends.
the squirrel lived in The lion's house.
the squirrel lived in In a door.
the squirrel lived in In a tree.
the squirrel said todo Talk to his brother.
the squirrel said todo Meow ten times.
the squirrel said todo Run faster than the other lions.
the squirrel said todo Talk to his dad.
Instead of roaring He could only sing noise did the lion make.
Instead of roaring He could not talk at all noise did the lion make.
Instead of roaring He talked like a squirrel noise did the lion make.
Instead of roaring He meowed noise did the lion make.
The boss made a mistake with the dessert recipe.
The oven made a mistake with the dessert recipe.
Greg made a mistake with the dessert recipe.
Paul made a mistake with the dessert recipe.
Paul know how to fix the recipe and what did he did He made Greg fix the recipe. Greg added egg whites.
Paul know how to fix the recipe and what did he did He didn't know how to fix the recipe. The desserts didn't rise in the oven.
Paul know how to fix the recipe and what did he did He had practiced it before. He added egg whites.
Paul know how to fix the recipe and what did he did He asked the boss for help. The boss had him chop vegetables.
the desserts did in the oven They rose.
the desserts did in the oven They fell.
the desserts did in the oven They thinned.
the desserts did in the oven They didn't rise.
Paul use to made the desserts Eggs, sugar, and chocolate.
Paul use to made the desserts Chocolate, soup, and vegetables.
Paul use to made the desserts Vegetables, sugar, and eggs.
Paul use to made the desserts Soup, desserts, and vegetables.
The snow made everything twinkle.
A marker made everything twinkle.
A pond made everything twinkle.
A blanket made everything twinkle.
Hannah sad because Her brother put on her hat.
Hannah sad because She threw a stone.
Hannah sad because The snow made everything shine.
Hannah sad because She couldn't play outside.
Hannah when her brother threw the stone was in By the pond.
Hannah when her brother threw the stone was in Playing in the snow.
Hannah when her brother threw the stone was in Putting on gloves.
Hannah when her brother threw the stone was in On the sofa.
the stone broke A sofa.
the stone broke A hat.
the stone broke A window.
the stone broke The ice on the pond.
the kitty was put back out on After it stopped raining.
the kitty was put back out on When it made the nice people angry.
the kitty was put back out on When it was finished eating.
the kitty was put back out on When it got in a fight with another cat.
the kitty hid first in A trashcan.
the kitty hid first in Under a tree.
the kitty hid first in In a bush.
the kitty hid first in Outside.
the nice person get their finger cut because They cut it with a knife as they were making dinner.
the nice person get their finger cut because The cat had very sharp claws.
the nice person get their finger cut because They tried to bathe the cat.
the nice person get their finger cut because They cut it on the bedroom door.
the kitty run and would hide on When it thundered outside.
the kitty run and would hide on When it was scared of its own shadow.
the kitty run and would hide on When the phone would ring.
the kitty run and would hide on When the people would come near it.
didn't the dog want to sleep because He was thirsty.
didn't the dog want to sleep because He was sick.
didn't the dog want to sleep because It was his birthday.
didn't the dog want to sleep because He was hungry.
the dog wanted todo He wanted to go back to sleep.
the dog wanted todo He wanted to bake a cake.
the dog wanted todo He wanted to drink water.
the dog wanted todo He wanted to celebrate.
I know it did was his birthday I took his temperature, and that told me.
I know it did was his birthday He wouldn't eat his dog food.
I know it did was his birthday He poked the balloons with his nose and wagged his tail.
I know it did was his birthday He wagged his tail a lot.
wedo to celebrated the dog's birthday I took his temperature.
wedo to celebrated the dog's birthday We played music and I gave him water.
wedo to celebrated the dog's birthday We had a party with cake, balloons, and music.
wedo to celebrated the dog's birthday I gave him dog food and cake.
Roberto afraid because Because it was his first day at the new school.
Roberto afraid because Because he ate a good lunch.
Roberto afraid because Because he made twelve new friends.
Roberto afraid because Because he met his new teacher.
Miss Washington say when she first sawed Roberto and his mother "It's nice to meet you" and "say goodbye to your daddy.".
Miss Washington say when she first sawed Roberto and his mother "It's nice to meet you" and "you can meet all the nice teachers here.".
Miss Washington say when she first sawed Roberto and his mother "It's nice to meet you" and "who is this nice young man?".
Miss Washington say when she first sawed Roberto and his mother "The children here are bad.".
Robertodo on his first schooled day He made new friends, ate a good lunch, and had some snacks.
Robertodo on his first schooled day He went to class in room 218.
Robertodo on his first schooled day He kissed his teacher goodbye.
Robertodo on his first schooled day He saw his friends far away in another city.
Roberto and his mother entered the classroom, what was the teacher doing on She was looking at a classroom door.
Roberto and his mother entered the classroom, what was the teacher doing on She was writing on the blackboard.
Roberto and his mother entered the classroom, what was the teacher doing on She was taking her seat at her new desk.
Roberto and his mother entered the classroom, what was the teacher doing on She was eating lunch.
the monkeys and the lions doing when Jane and Mike were watched them The monkeys were singing and the lions were roaring.
the monkeys and the lions doing when Jane and Mike were watched them The monkeys were dancing and the lions were roaring.
the monkeys and the lions doing when Jane and Mike were watched them The monkeys were roaring and the lions were sleeping.
the monkeys and the lions doing when Jane and Mike were watched them The monkeys were dancing and the lions were sleeping.
they saw first Monkeys.
they saw first Lions.
they saw first Bears.
they saw first Snakes.
Mike and Jane excited to were see Lions, bears, and monkeys.
Mike and Jane excited to were see Bears, monkeys, and snakes.
Mike and Jane excited to were see Monkeys, bears, and elephants.
Mike and Jane excited to were see Snakes, lions, and monkeys.
the monkeys doing when Mike were watched them They were eating ice cream.
the monkeys doing when Mike were watched them They were sleeping.
the monkeys doing when Mike were watched them They were dancing.
the monkeys doing when Mike were watched them They were roaring at him.
They got into a fight happened when the game started.
The school was closed so they couldn't play happened when the game started.
The game was stopped because of rain happened when the game started.
John's team scored, but David's team also scored happened when the game started.
David's team beat Jason's team happened during the game.
Jason's team beat David's team happened during the game.
The kids got into a fight and went to eat pizza to make up happened during the game.
It started raining so they all went home happened during the game.
not on Jason's is team Jack.
not on Jason's is team John.
not on Jason's is team Mike.
not on Jason's is team James.
Jason ate for breakfast candy.
Jason ate for breakfast chocolate milk.
Jason ate for breakfast cereal.
Jason ate for breakfast pizza.
the narrator is dressed up as Ghost.
the narrator is dressed up as Dinosaur.
the narrator is dressed up as Lion.
the narrator is dressed up as Pirate.
Todd and a dinosaur is his friend and what is he dressed as.
Todd and a pirate is his friend and what is he dressed as.
Kevin and a pirate is his friend and what is he dressed as.
Kevin and a dinosaur is his friend and what is he dressed as.
it is Thanksgiving.
it is Christmas.
it is Birthday.
it is Halloween.
they can go trick-or-treating on Before dinner but after their dad gets home.
they can go trick-or-treating on Christmas.
they can go trick-or-treating on After dinner.
they can go trick-or-treating on After dinner and their dad gets home.
 Do all the Grizzly bears like shirts Yes, they all like their shirts.
 Do all the Grizzly bears like shirts No, Truman doesn't like shirts.
 Do all the Grizzly bears like shirts No, none of the bears like shirts.
 Do all the Grizzly bears like shirts No, the king doesn't like shirts.
Truman say he woulddo if they tried to make him wore a shirt smash them with his paws.
Truman say he woulddo if they tried to make him wore a shirt smash the king.
Truman say he woulddo if they tried to make him wore a shirt wear his shirt.
Truman say he woulddo if they tried to make him wore a shirt sing another song.
Truman likes to wear Socks.
Truman likes to wear Shoes.
Truman likes to wear Shirts.
Truman likes to wear He doesn't like to wear any clothes.
the bearsdo after Truman did sang his song They ate the king.
the bearsdo after Truman did sang his song They chewed up their shirts, shoes, and socks.
the bearsdo after Truman did sang his song They ate Truman.
the bearsdo after Truman did sang his song They wore their clothes anyway.
Joe ate for breakfast French Toast.
Joe ate for breakfast Waffles and eggs.
Joe ate for breakfast Pancakes.
Joe ate for breakfast Cereal.
Joe get to schooled Walking.
Joe get to schooled School bus.
Joe get to schooled Driving.
Joe get to schooled Running.
second grade was Joe in.
fourth grade was Joe in.
third grade was Joe in.
first grade was Joe in.
Yellow color was the shirt Joe wore.
White color was the shirt Joe wore.
Red color was the shirt Joe wore.
Blue color was the shirt Joe wore.
Cupid always looking in the fridge because It's one of the reindeer games.
Cupid always looking in the fridge because He is looking for noodles.
Cupid always looking in the fridge because He is looking for cheese so he can make pizza.
Cupid always looking in the fridge because He is looking for water to splash around.
Rudolph wins all the games.
Donner wins all the games.
Cupid wins all the games.
Comet wins all the games.
Cupid likes to get wet in the pool.
Rudolph likes to get wet in the pool.
Comet likes to get wet in the pool.
Donner likes to get wet in the pool.
Donner the best at flying because He wins all the reindeer games.
Donner the best at flying because Because he practices riding the wind in his off time.
Donner the best at flying because He splashes around in the pool.
Donner the best at flying because He eats cheese.
Kevin and Erin did in New York City FIRST Visited the Empire State Building.
Kevin and Erin did in New York City FIRST Went to their hotel.
Kevin and Erin did in New York City FIRST Went to Central Park.
Kevin and Erin did in New York City FIRST Saw the Statue of Liberty.
Kevin and Erin eat for breakfast when they did went to the diner cereal.
Kevin and Erin eat for breakfast when they did went to the diner pancakes.
Kevin and Erin eat for breakfast when they did went to the diner eggs.
Kevin and Erin eat for breakfast when they did went to the diner oatmeal.
dinner that did Kevin have with Erin in New York is chocolate.
dinner that did Kevin have with Erin in New York is steak.
dinner that did Kevin have with Erin in New York is eggs.
dinner that did Kevin have with Erin in New York is pancakes.
Erin lived in United States.
Erin lived in England.
Erin lived in Australia.
Erin lived in New York.
John shouting about that his was mother heard Helmets.
John shouting about that his was mother heard Roads.
John shouting about that his was mother heard Wheels.
John shouting about that his was mother heard Bicycles.
Sam started racing Sam started when he saw a race on tv.
Sam started racing Sam started with his father when he was younger.
Sam started racing Sam started with his mother.
Sam started racing Sam started when he met Mark.
Sam for 200 said he would give John his old bike, and for how much.
Mark, for 100 said he would give John his old bike, and for how much.
Sam, for free said he would give John his old bike, and for how much.
David for free said he would give John his old bike, and for how much.
John was driving the car and he was going home was driving the car and where was he going.
David was driving the car to the store was driving the car and where was he going.
Sam was driving the car to the store was driving the car and where was he going.
Mark was driving the car and he was going home was driving the car and where was he going.
homework is in in his room.
homework is in At Jacob's house.
homework is in on TV.
homework is in outside.
William been doing homework has Sunset.
William been doing homework has Overnight.
William been doing homework has Early spring.
William been doing homework has Since kindergarten.
at Jacob's house that William liked to was play with a dog.
at Jacob's house that William liked to was play with a TV.
at Jacob's house that William liked to was play with An RC car.
at Jacob's house that William liked to was play with junk food.
before his parents would let him go to Jacob's house Eat junk food.
before his parents would let him go to Jacob's house tell jokes.
before his parents would let him go to Jacob's house His homework.
before his parents would let him go to Jacob's house watch TV.
Green color was the flower that made Mary sick.
Red color was the flower that made Mary sick.
Orange color was the flower that made Mary sick.
Purple color was the flower that made Mary sick.
Mary loves to eat Grass.
Mary loves to eat Purple flowers.
Mary loves to eat Dirt.
Mary loves to eat Weeds.
She ate dirt lie did Mary tell.
She had to take a nap lie did Mary tell.
She ate weeds lie did Mary tell.
She was stung by a bee lie did Mary tell.
Her brother Sam asked Mary why she was sick.
Her brother Donny asked Mary why she was sick.
Her dad asked Mary why she was sick.
Her mom asked Mary why she was sick.
Emilia call her mothered because to find how how to get Elise to eat her broccoli.
Emilia call her mothered because to ask what she was having for suppertime.
Emilia call her mothered because to talk.
Emilia call her mothered because to ask how to cook broccoli.
Emilia called on the phone the store's clerk where she bought the broccoli.
Emilia called on the phone her son.
Emilia called on the phone her daughter, Elise.
Emilia called on the phone Her mother.
Emilia pick ups off the floor a piece of broccoli.
Emilia pick ups off the floor a telephone.
Emilia pick ups off the floor a pacifier.
Emilia pick ups off the floor a twig.
Elise always ate her broccoli at the end of the story because her grandmother said they were good for her.
Elise always ate her broccoli at the end of the story because her mother asked her nicely.
Elise always ate her broccoli at the end of the story because She thought they were small trees.
Elise always ate her broccoli at the end of the story because Elise saw her brother eating it at last night's dinner.
the boydo when he couldn't caught the butterfly He started to cry.
the boydo when he couldn't caught the butterfly He started flying after it.
the boydo when he couldn't caught the butterfly He clapped his hands.
the boydo when he couldn't caught the butterfly He left the park with a sad look on his face.
 Was there more than one butterfly in the park Yes, there were many.
 Was there more than one butterfly in the park No, it was the only one in there.
 Was there more than one butterfly in the park There were no butterflies in the park.
 Was there more than one butterfly in the park There were two in the park.
the butterfly did when it got scared It bit the boy.
the butterfly did when it got scared It stayed still.
the butterfly did when it got scared It called the other butterflies over.
the butterfly did when it got scared It flew very fast and very high in the air.
the little boy want to did with the butterfly He wanted to show it to his friends.
the little boy want to did with the butterfly He wanted to chase it.
the little boy want to did with the butterfly He wanted to play a game with it.
the little boy want to did with the butterfly He wanted to put it in his pocket.
eight at night time is it.
Six in the morning time is it.
eight in the morning time is it.
six at night time is it.
the Dad play football in high schooled because the coach made him.
the Dad play football in high schooled because he didn't play football.
the Dad play football in high schooled because To marry Mom.
the Dad play football in high schooled because for fun.
the son not picked soccer ball.
the son not picked baseball.
the son not picked bowling ball.
the son not picked football.
the dad want to did before high school play soccer.
the dad want to did before high school play football.
the dad want to did before high school watch movies.
the dad want to did before high school juggle in the circus.
Pink color is John's favorite shirt.
Green color is John's favorite shirt.
Red color is John's favorite shirt.
Blue color is John's favorite shirt.
John did before washing his hands Fed his dog.
John did before washing his hands Gave Emily her pacifier.
John did before washing his hands Ate breakfast.
John did before washing his hands Played Trouble.
John take Bentley to play fetched in Front yard.
John take Bentley to play fetched in Living Room.
John take Bentley to play fetched in Backyard.
John take Bentley to play fetched in Kitchen.
John and Bentley came inside because Breakfast was ready.
John and Bentley came inside because Emily began to cry.
John and Bentley came inside because It began to rain.
John and Bentley came inside because Dad wanted to play a game.
Maggie's favorite place to sleep was in in the backyard.
Maggie's favorite place to sleep was in on her purple cat bed.
Maggie's favorite place to sleep was in on her family's lap.
Maggie's favorite place to sleep was in on the street.
Maggie lived in a farm with other animals.
Maggie lived in a box on the street.
Maggie lived in a house downtown.
Maggie lived in an apartment in the city.
the other cats teasing Maggie because she lived on the street.
the other cats teasing Maggie because because she was lucky.
the other cats teasing Maggie because because she was so big.
the other cats teasing Maggie because she lived in an apartment.
Maggie lucky because She was alone.
Maggie lucky because She had a backyard to play in.
Maggie lucky because She had a lot of money.
Maggie lucky because She was free to go where ever she wanted.
black color is Josh's hair.
brown color is Josh's hair.
yellow color is Josh's hair.
red color is Josh's hair.
Maggie got a spanking because She went too fast down a hill.
Maggie got a spanking because She put a card in the spokes of her bike.
Maggie got a spanking because She lied to her father.
Maggie got a spanking because She ran into a trashcan.
Maggie lay to her father because He told her that he loved her.
Maggie lay to her father because She could not remember what happened.
Maggie lay to her father because She put a card in the spokes of her bike.
Maggie lay to her father because She was afraid to tell him the truth.
Maggie put a card in the wheel of her bike because To smell bad.
Maggie put a card in the wheel of her bike because To lie to her father.
Maggie put a card in the wheel of her bike because To have fun.
Maggie put a card in the wheel of her bike because To make it sound fast.
names of Mitchell and Graham's friends are Jimmy and Justin.
names of Mitchell and Graham's friends are Justin and Graham.
names of Mitchell and Graham's friends are Mitchell and Justin.
names of Mitchell and Graham's friends are Mitchell and Jimmy.
Mitchell and Graham saw their friends first in On the way to the store.
Mitchell and Graham saw their friends first in At their house.
Mitchell and Graham saw their friends first in The store.
Mitchell and Graham saw their friends first in The lemonade stand.
the boys get more people to bought their lemonade Create a sign.
the boys get more people to bought their lemonade Tell people walking by.
the boys get more people to bought their lemonade Asking their friends to help.
the boys get more people to bought their lemonade Telling their friends to start their own stand.
the boys share the money they did made Mitchell took all the money.
the boys share the money they did made They split it.
the boys share the money they did made They didn't make any money.
the boys share the money they did made Graham took all the money.
brown and yellow color were the most ducklings.
yellow color were the most ducklings.
brown color were the most ducklings.
white color were the most ducklings.
David's favorite thing at the pond was boat.
David's favorite thing at the pond was duckling.
David's favorite thing at the pond was water lily.
David's favorite thing at the pond was frog.
the children came to see frog.
the children came to see ducklings.
the children came to see cake.
the children came to see boat.
Sue got for Auntie Beth eggs.
Sue got for Auntie Beth flour.
Sue got for Auntie Beth milk.
Sue got for Auntie Beth butter.
Frank, the knight, used as a weapon Knife.
Frank, the knight, used as a weapon Freeze.
Frank, the knight, used as a weapon Sword.
Frank, the knight, used as a weapon Staff.
Frank try todo that Bobbydid didn't like Jump.
Frank try todo that Bobbydid didn't like Dance.
Frank try todo that Bobbydid didn't like Sing.
Frank try todo that Bobbydid didn't like Fly.
Bobby was Knight.
Bobby was Witch.
Bobby was Frog.
Bobby was Wizard.
Fly spelldid Bobby use that Frank didn't like.
Freeze spelldid Bobby use that Frank didn't like.
Trap spelldid Bobby use that Frank didn't like.
Heal spelldid Bobby use that Frank didn't like.
Jack when he saw the pond with ducks in it was in park.
Jack when he saw the pond with ducks in it was in store.
Jack when he saw the pond with ducks in it was in home.
Jack when he saw the pond with ducks in it was in school.
Noodle eat that made his bellied hurt bones.
Noodle eat that made his bellied hurt beef.
Noodle eat that made his bellied hurt chicken.
Noodle eat that made his bellied hurt ladybug.
Puff saw at the park stick.
Puff saw at the park ducks.
Puff saw at the park ladybug.
Puff saw at the park mouse.
Polly ate bones.
Polly ate milk.
Polly ate beef.
Polly ate chicken noodle soup.
the rain has forced him to stay inside has made the little boy sad.
he wants a puppy has made the little boy sad.
he doesn't want to eat his vegetable has made the little boy sad.
he has to go to bed has made the little boy sad.
mommy doesdo when she sees Conner outside mommy tells him to come in and takes away his rain boots.
mommy doesdo when she sees Conner outside Nothing mommy never saw him outside.
mommy doesdo when she sees Conner outside smiles and joins him in his play.
mommy doesdo when she sees Conner outside mommy shuts the sliding door.
the little boys is name outside.
the little boys is name Conner.
the little boys is name mommy.
the little boys is name Rain.
the Conner doesdo when he goes outside takes off his rain boots.
the Conner doesdo when he goes outside Conner runs away.
the Conner doesdo when he goes outside Conner falls and hurts himself.
the Conner doesdo when he goes outside runs from puddle to puddle splashing in them.
Amelia loves todo think.
Amelia loves todo write.
Amelia loves todo garden.
Amelia loves todo sing.
Amelia stayed in the garden because she had to feed her cow Daisy.
Amelia stayed in the garden because to wait for her mother.
Amelia stayed in the garden because to pet her frog.
Amelia stayed in the garden because to try and think of a song to write.
Amelia sat in the garden all day Monday.
Amelia sat in the garden three days.
Amelia sat in the garden two days.
Amelia sat in the garden Saturday afternoon.
the princess, called Pete.
the princess, called Amelia.
the princess, called Daisy.
the princess, called Anne.
John felt about clapping Happy.
John felt about clapping Excited.
John felt about clapping Sad.
John felt about clapping Scared.
John claped on All the time.
John claped on When he was Happy.
John claped on When he scared.
John claped on When he was sad.
long could John clap A Month.
long could John clap A week.
long could John clap a day.
long could John clap a weekend.
Sam was annoyed by John's clapping.
John was annoyed by John's clapping.
Zoo was annoyed by John's clapping.
Magic Clown was annoyed by John's clapping.
Bob fell on the ice on Sunday.
Bob fell on the ice on Tuesday.
Bob fell on the ice on Monday.
Bob fell on the ice on Friday.
Bob rode his bike home because he wanted to get yogurt in Tuesday.
Bob rode his bike home because he wanted to get yogurt in Sunday.
Bob rode his bike home because he wanted to get yogurt in Monday.
Bob rode his bike home because he wanted to get yogurt in Friday.
Matt looking around in the fridge was on Sunday.
Matt looking around in the fridge was on Tuesday.
Matt looking around in the fridge was on Monday.
Matt looking around in the fridge was on Friday.
Matt played with cat.
Matt played with mouse.
Matt played with dog.
Matt played with duck.
the elf hides in The kitchen.
the elf hides in The children's book bags.
the elf hides in In an alarm clock.
the elf hides in A bush.
the elf in front of the door because He was looking at doors for fun.
the elf in front of the door because He was working for the Tooth Fairy and no one had let him in.
the elf in front of the door because He liked the color of the door.
the elf in front of the door because He was glued to the ground.
The childrendoes the elf work for.
The North Poledoes the elf work for.
The Tooth Fairydoes the elf work for.
The Humansdoes the elf work for.
The children see him help the Tooth Fairy on his first day of work.
Alarm clocks go off help the Tooth Fairy on his first day of work.
No one let him in help the Tooth Fairy on his first day of work.
He'll work in the North Pole help the Tooth Fairy on his first day of work.
the monkey get a stomach ached because the pill was bad for the monkey.
the monkey get a stomach ached because the napkin was made from straw which is not good for monkeys.
the monkey get a stomach ached because the monkey was sad.
the monkey get a stomach ached because the zebra punched the monkey.
the monkey eats instead of napkins zebra steak.
the monkey eats instead of napkins bananas.
the monkey eats instead of napkins a cheese sandwich.
the monkey eats instead of napkins a pill.
the zebra eats bananas.
the zebra eats pancakes.
the zebra eats napkins.
the zebra eats a pill.
the zoo worker gave the monkey a pill made the monkey feel better.
the zebra gave the monkey another napkin made the monkey feel better.
the zoo worker gave the monkey a banana made the monkey feel better.
the zoo worker told the monkey a joke made the monkey feel better.
Boots needed a bath because He fell asleep.
Boots needed a bath because He rode in the boat.
Boots needed a bath because He got very muddy at the lake.
Boots needed a bath because He got cake on him.
Justine's dog's was name Boots.
Justine's dog's was name Janice.
Justine's dog's was name Moore.
Justine's dog's was name Greg.
the girls fell asleep quickly because They had eaten cake.
the girls fell asleep quickly because They woke up early in the morning.
the girls fell asleep quickly because They rode in the boat.
the girls fell asleep quickly because They were so active during the day.
Boots' favorite thing to wasdo at the lake Fetch sticks from the water.
Boots' favorite thing to wasdo at the lake Ride in the boat.
Boots' favorite thing to wasdo at the lake Ride in the tube.
Boots' favorite thing to wasdo at the lake Swim in the water.
Timmy wanted his friends to try fish.
Timmy wanted his friends to try pizza.
Timmy wanted his friends to try Soup.
Timmy wanted his friends to try burgers.
Timmy and his friends loved soup.
Timmy and his friends loved turkey.
Timmy and his friends loved pizza.
Timmy and his friends loved fish.
Timmy went to Kroger because to buy meat.
Timmy went to Kroger because to see John.
Timmy went to Kroger because to drink lemonade.
Timmy went to Kroger because to eat soup.
name of John's grandson was David.
name of John's grandson was Timmy.
name of John's grandson was Bill.
name of John's grandson was Roger.
one of Yolanda's favorite things to isdo To look at the shapes of dogs.
one of Yolanda's favorite things to isdo To look at the shapes of boats.
one of Yolanda's favorite things to isdo To look at the shapes of backyards.
one of Yolanda's favorite things to isdo To look at the shapes of the clouds.
Yolanda saw in the clouds A garden and a dog.
Yolanda saw in the clouds A flower, boat, and butterfly.
Yolanda saw in the clouds A spider, boat, and dog.
Yolanda saw in the clouds A flower, boat, and dog.
Yolanda want to becomes someday and why A real scientist, so she can learn all about building houses and backyards.
Yolanda want to becomes someday and why A real scientist, so she can study medicine.
Yolanda want to becomes someday and why A real scientist, so she can learn all about plants, bugs and nature.
Yolanda want to becomes someday and why A gardener, so she can learn all about plants, bugs and nature.
the backyarddoes gardendo Brings bugs into Yolanda's house.
the backyarddoes gardendo Makes shapes like flowers, boats, and dogs.
the backyarddoes gardendo Brings in birds and clouds.
the backyarddoes gardendo Makes the yard look beautiful, smell wonderful, brings in birds and insects.
Jess traded for the bowl A ticket to Heaven.
Jess traded for the bowl A box of cereal.
Jess traded for the bowl Her wings.
Jess traded for the bowl A seesaw.
Tonydo when Jess did asked for the bowl He laughed at her.
Tonydo when Jess did asked for the bowl He traded with her.
Tonydo when Jess did asked for the bowl He sent her away.
Tonydo when Jess did asked for the bowl He argued with her.
Jess wanted Wings.
Jess wanted A box of cereal.
Jess wanted A seesaw.
Jess wanted A golden bowl.
An angel was Tony.
A leprechaun was Tony.
A cereal maker was Tony.
A bird was Tony.
the cat, called Dig.
the cat, called Mittens.
the cat, called Pizza.
the cat, called Bub.
Dig made the noise that caused the sock monster to look at the friends.
Bub made the noise that caused the sock monster to look at the friends.
Mittens made the noise that caused the sock monster to look at the friends.
Pizza made the noise that caused the sock monster to look at the friends.
the sock monster ate banana.
the sock monster ate grape.
the sock monster ate apple.
the sock monster ate pear.
the dog, called Dig.
the dog, called Pizza.
the dog, called Mittens.
the dog, called Bub.
the secret Jack was known about Goose that laid eggs filled with golden coins.
the secret Jack was known about A hat.
the secret Jack was known about Bean roots.
the secret Jack was known about Golden Guitar.
Jack went after the giant dropped him in To the restroom.
Jack went after the giant dropped him in To get the goose.
Jack went after the giant dropped him in To play the golden guitar.
Jack went after the giant dropped him in Down the beanstalk and to the little people world.
the giant eating was An egg.
the giant eating was A root.
the giant eating was Ham sandwich.
the giant eating was Some ice cream.
the giant hid the bean roots in The store.
the giant hid the bean roots in The library.
the giant hid the bean roots in In the ham.
the giant hid the bean roots in The little people world.
Quinton going to be is back at school on never.
Quinton going to be is back at school on after lunch.
Quinton going to be is back at school on next week.
Quinton going to be is back at school on tomorrow.
Quinton's mother has waiting for them cake.
Quinton's mother has waiting for them cookies and milk.
Quinton's mother has waiting for them ice cream.
Quinton's mother has waiting for them macaroni and cheese.
Kendra make sure to leave in times for school.
Kendra make sure to leave in times for breakfast.
Kendra make sure to leave in times for bedtime.
Kendra make sure to leave in times for dinner.
They live the same distance from the bus stop lives further from the bus stop.
Quinton lives further from the bus stop lives further from the bus stop.
Neither of them live further from the bus stop lives further from the bus stop.
Kendra lives further from the bus stop lives further from the bus stop.
Grandma holding when she was was standing at the door Cookies.
Grandma holding when she was was standing at the door Lemonade.
Grandma holding when she was was standing at the door Sandwiches.
Grandma holding when she was was standing at the door Chips.
Green color was Timmy's toy car.
Brown color was Timmy's toy car.
White color was Timmy's toy car.
Blue color was Timmy's toy car.
board games bring with him to his grandma's house.
his puzzle bring with him to his grandma's house.
his dog bring with him to his grandma's house.
his car bring with him to his grandma's house.
the last thing Grandma and Timmy was did Ate lunch.
the last thing Grandma and Timmy was did Played with the car.
the last thing Grandma and Timmy was did Sat on the porch.
the last thing Grandma and Timmy was did Put together the puzzle.
Joe like to visit his grandmother because There are things there that are not found in cities.
Joe like to visit his grandmother because Clarissa is a very good cook.
Joe like to visit his grandmother because His parents might buy him something that he likes.
Joe like to visit his grandmother because Max and Joe enjoy scaring the cows.
Joe's grandmother's dog , called Tony.
Joe's grandmother's dog , called Joe.
Joe's grandmother's dog , called Max.
Joe's grandmother's dog , called Hazel.
Joe's grandmother's is name Hazel.
Joe's grandmother's is name Clarissa.
Joe's grandmother's is name Max.
Joe's grandmother's is name Tony.
near Joe's grandmother's are house cities.
near Joe's grandmother's are house balls.
near Joe's grandmother's are house animals.
near Joe's grandmother's are house stores.
the mom in the story, called Maggie.
the mom in the story, called Tiffany.
the mom in the story, called Jan.
the mom in the story, called Taylor.
in the bag that the dentist was given to Maggie toothbrush, toothpaste, candy, and sticker.
in the bag that the dentist was given to Maggie toothbrush and toys.
in the bag that the dentist was given to Maggie toothbrush, toothpaste, and candy.
in the bag that the dentist was given to Maggie toothbrush and toothpaste.
they saw at the dentist's office three different people.
they saw at the dentist's office one different people.
they saw at the dentist's office seven different people.
they saw at the dentist's office two different people.
Maggie and Jan went in to the toy store.
Maggie and Jan went in to the candy store.
Maggie and Jan went in to the doctor.
Maggie and Jan went in to the dentist.
Jim looking when he saw the shooting star was in At the sky.
Jim looking when he saw the shooting star was in At his car.
Jim looking when he saw the shooting star was in At his dog.
Jim looking when he saw the shooting star was in At a planet.
Jim see lasted year A shooting star.
Jim see lasted year A space ship.
Jim see lasted year A planet.
Jim see lasted year A raccoon.
The sun got brighter.
The shooting star got brighter.
The space ship got brighter.
The light in his house got brighter.
Jim when he saw the space ship was in Looking in his back yard.
Jim when he saw the space ship was in Going home from work.
Jim when he saw the space ship was in Eating lunch.
Jim when he saw the space ship was in On the space ship.
the main watermelon's is name Watermelon.
the main watermelon's is name Seedy.
the main watermelon's is name Seed.
the main watermelon's is name Green.
Seedy named his best friend Green.
Seedy named his best friend Stripes.
Seedy named his best friend Mom.
Seedy named his best friend Seedy, Jr.
Seedy upset he didn't have any seeds because His mom said she loved him.
Seedy upset he didn't have any seeds because He was lonely.
Seedy upset he didn't have any seeds because He felt left out and didn't know why he was different.
Seedy upset he didn't have any seeds because He was green and had stripes.
Seedy's mom says about him She says he is not special.
Seedy's mom says about him She says she does not love him.
Seedy's mom says about him She says he is special and she loves him the way he is.
Seedy's mom says about him She says he is green.
he got the seeds for Christmas.
he got the seeds for for eating his dinner.
he got the seeds for his birthday.
he got the seeds for Mother's Day.
he grew tomatoes.
he grew grapes.
he grew watermelon.
he grew salad.
his dad helped him pick the vegetables.
his friend helped him pick the vegetables.
his mom helped him pick the vegetables.
his dog helped him pick the vegetables.
he put in the holes he dug seeds.
he put in the holes he dug tomatoes.
he put in the holes he dug a bone.
he put in the holes he dug shovel.
the best days for the wolf were Days when there was a knock on the door.
the best days for the wolf were Days when he watches his food run around first.
the best days for the wolf were Days when humans feed him.
the best days for the wolf were Days when he can lay in the sun.
Days when the humans feed him, the daysdoes the wolf crawl back to his home on a full stomach.
Days when he stays in the sand and lays in the sun, the daysdoes the wolf crawl back to his home on a full stomach.
Days when hunts down a full meal, the daysdoes the wolf crawl back to his home on a full stomach.
Days when his food comes to him, the daysdoes the wolf crawl back to his home on a full stomach.
the wolf's favorite food is Meat seasoned with lemon.
the wolf's favorite food is Lemons.
the wolf's favorite food is Vegetables.
the wolf's favorite food is Meat seasoned with lime.
the wolf likes todo Scare the other forest animals.
the wolf likes todo Make friends with humans.
the wolf likes todo Make friends with the other forest animals.
the wolf likes todo Pretend to be a dog.
John found the coin.
Phil found the coin.
Paul found the coin.
James found the coin.
John called first James.
John called first Pat.
John called first Phil.
John called first Paul.
Phil found The coin and the mitten.
Phil found The cup and the coin.
Phil found The rock and the bell.
Phil found The mitten and the rock.
James and Pat were the twins.
John and Phil were the twins.
Pat and Paul were the twins.
Phil and Pat were the twins.
father have to be is in school.
father have to be is in in his truck.
father have to be is in in the garage.
father have to be is in work.
he end uped driving truck.
he end uped driving bike.
he end uped driving van.
he end uped driving car.
the keys were in the van.
the keys were in kitchen.
the keys were in garage.
the keys were in outside.
they looking for were a bike.
they looking for were a ball.
they looking for were keys.
they looking for were his truck.
Work with pets has Lilly always wanted todo.
Become a nurse has Lilly always wanted todo.
Become a doctor has Lilly always wanted todo.
Become a teacher has Lilly always wanted todo.
Lilly not did with the animals Clean up after them.
Lilly not did with the animals Feed them.
Lilly not did with the animals Give them water.
Lilly not did with the animals Play with them.
Lilly afraid is of Snakes.
Lilly afraid is of Lizards.
Lilly afraid is of Puppies.
Lilly afraid is of Kitties.
the shop owner's was name Margaret.
the shop owner's was name Martha.
the shop owner's was name Mary.
the shop owner's was name Margie.
there were three bears.
there were Two bears.
there were four bears.
there were one bears.
walking in the woods were three people.
walking in the woods were four people.
walking in the woods were one people.
walking in the woods were two people.
The bear was with the baby made these bears more dangerous.
There was no bears in the story made these bears more dangerous.
The bears were hiding in the trees made these bears more dangerous.
There were four bears made these bears more dangerous.
not is true about the people walking They were on a week long trip.
not is true about the people walking They were girl scouts.
not is true about the people walking They were walking in the woods.
not is true about the people walking They were boy scouts.
he want to looked at ladders in town because He forgot his ladder.
he want to looked at ladders in town because He wanted an extra ladder.
he want to looked at ladders in town because He didn't have a ladder.
he want to looked at ladders in town because His ladder was broken.
the last item he was added to his list Feed.
the last item he was added to his list Milk.
the last item he was added to his list Shovel.
the last item he was added to his list Ladder.
the farmer forget to take with him when he first did left his house his ladder.
the farmer forget to take with him when he first did left his house his keys.
the farmer forget to take with him when he first did left his house a shovel.
the farmer forget to take with him when he first did left his house His wallet.
the farmer need to got in town Six total items.
the farmer need to got in town Seven total items.
the farmer need to got in town Five total items.
the farmer need to got in town Eight total items.
Todd's favorite is color red.
Todd's favorite is color white.
Todd's favorite is color pink.
Todd's favorite is color blue.
the icing was on the 2 aisle.
the icing was on the 11 aisle.
the icing was on the 14 aisle.
the icing was on the one aisle.
Annette is the birthday cake for.
mom is the birthday cake for.
Todd is the birthday cake for.
dad is the birthday cake for.
Annette went to the store for eggs and cake.
Annette went to the store for cake and macaroni.
Annette went to the store for chicken and potatoes.
Annette went to the store for eggs and icing.
the second way Andrew was made money Mowing the lawn.
the second way Andrew was made money Walking the dog.
the second way Andrew was made money It was a gift.
the second way Andrew was made money He didn't make any money.
Andrew need to make to buy the trucks five dollars more money.
Andrew need to make to buy the trucks seven dollars more money.
Andrew need to make to buy the trucks six dollars more money.
Andrew need to make to buy the trucks eight dollars more money.
his friend gave Andrew the late present.
his grandpa gave Andrew the late present.
his uncle gave Andrew the late present.
his mom gave Andrew the late present.
Andrew wants to buy a dog.
Andrew wants to buy a gift.
Andrew wants to buy a lawn.
Andrew wants to buy a toy truck.
Charlie has two pets named Chelsea and Bobo, A blue bird and dog types of animals are these pets.
Charlie has two pets named Chelsea and Bobo, A dog and a duck types of animals are these pets.
Charlie has two pets named Chelsea and Bobo, A cat and a duck types of animals are these pets.
Charlie has two pets named Chelsea and Bobo, A dog and a cat types of animals are these pets.
floating over Charlie's was head as he slept A hat.
floating over Charlie's was head as he slept Green Balloon.
floating over Charlie's was head as he slept A rainbow.
floating over Charlie's was head as he slept A cat.
the cat, called Samantha.
the cat, called Chelsea.
the cat, called Bobo.
the cat, called Wilfred.
Charlie saw a picture of on the table and the real thing in the sky A blue bird.
Charlie saw a picture of on the table and the real thing in the sky A green balloon.
Charlie saw a picture of on the table and the real thing in the sky A white airplane.
Charlie saw a picture of on the table and the real thing in the sky A rainbow.
I gave the zucchini to my neighbors and my friends.
I gave the zucchini to my neighbors, my parents' friends, and everyone in the neighborhood.
I gave the zucchini to my friends.
I gave the zucchini to my parents' friends.
I planted six zucchini plants.
I planted sixteen zucchini plants.
I planted ten zucchini plants.
I planted two zucchini plants.
zucchini, tomatoes, and cucumber vegetables were planted.
corn and tomatoes vegetables were planted.
potatoes and zucchini vegetables were planted.
corn, tomatoes, zucchini, peppers, and cucumber vegetables were planted.
I was ten when I planted the garden.
I was six when I planted the garden.
I was seven when I planted the garden.
I was sixteen when I planted the garden.
the other alligatorsdo when they first sawed the sweater before the cold night Apologized for laughing.
the other alligatorsdo when they first sawed the sweater before the cold night Laugh and point at him and say that "alligators in sweaters" is a silly idea.
the other alligatorsdo when they first sawed the sweater before the cold night Wear their own sweaters to look like him.
the other alligatorsdo when they first sawed the sweater before the cold night Come up with other silly ideas.
the other alligators did after the cold night Laughed at him and told him sweaters were silly.
the other alligators did after the cold night Were mean to the alligator in the sweater.
the other alligators did after the cold night Apologized for laughing and wore sweaters on cold nights.
the other alligators did after the cold night Wore orange sweaters.
They each wore a different color color sweaters did the other alligators wear after the cold night.
orange color sweaters did the other alligators wear after the cold night.
white color sweaters did the other alligators wear after the cold night.
black color sweaters did the other alligators wear after the cold night.
orange color was his sweater.
green color was his sweater.
red color was his sweater.
yellow color was his sweater.
Randy found in the spaghetti the second time A bug.
Randy found in the spaghetti the second time Dessert.
Randy found in the spaghetti the second time Cheese.
Randy found in the spaghetti the second time Spinach.
didn't Randy eat the spaghetti the first time because It was blue.
didn't Randy eat the spaghetti the first time because He wanted to eat the salad instead.
didn't Randy eat the spaghetti the first time because He was too full.
didn't Randy eat the spaghetti the first time because He didn't like the soup.
Hilda made Randy spaghetti 2 times.
Hilda made Randy spaghetti 3 times.
Hilda made Randy spaghetti 4 times.
Hilda made Randy spaghetti 1 times.
didn't Randy want to eat dessert because It was blue.
didn't Randy want to eat dessert because There was a bug in it.
didn't Randy want to eat dessert because He wasn't hungry.
didn't Randy want to eat dessert because He wanted to eat soup instead.
the tiger flew on an airplane.
the bear flew on an airplane.
the duck flew on an airplane.
the lion flew on an airplane.
the bear went in Iowa.
the bear went in Utah.
the bear went in Ohio.
the bear went in Hawaii.
red color was the train.
blue color was the train.
orange color was the train.
yellow color was the train.
the one who wanted to be a fireman bought a paintbrush.
the one who wanted to be President bought a paintbrush.
the one who wanted to be a doctor bought a paintbrush.
the one who wanted to be a nurse bought a paintbrush.
Mom left the house.
Dad left the house.
Tim left the house.
Janey left the house.
the kids ate for breakfast Banana, toast, cereal.
the kids ate for breakfast Banana, biscuit, cereal.
the kids ate for breakfast Banana.
the kids ate for breakfast Biscuit, toast, cereal.
Tim and Janey get uped so early because They had to make breakfast.
Tim and Janey get uped so early because Their dad woke them up.
Tim and Janey get uped so early because They went to bed at a later than normal time.
Tim and Janey get uped so early because They were hungry.
Dad made breakfast.
Tim made breakfast.
Janey made breakfast.
Mom made breakfast.
the book about was parents.
the book about was dinosaurs.
the book about was dreams.
the book about was presents.
there about 20 kids at Tony's house because They were playing basketball.
there about 20 kids at Tony's house because They were there to ride blue bicycles.
there about 20 kids at Tony's house because They were looking forward to reading about dinosaurs.
there about 20 kids at Tony's house because They were there for a surprise birthday party.
 Whose birthday was it Phil.
 Whose birthday was it Tony.
 Whose birthday was it Jim.
 Whose birthday was it Melissa.
His parents gave Tony a blue bicycle.
Phil gave Tony a blue bicycle.
Jim gave Tony a blue bicycle.
Melissa gave Tony a blue bicycle.
Rudd gave Dig a treat because Winning the ball game.
Rudd gave Dig a treat because Pulling the splinter out.
Rudd gave Dig a treat because Jumping in the river.
Rudd gave Dig a treat because Putting up a new fence.
Cookie treat did Dig, the turtle, take.
Ice cream treat did Dig, the turtle, take.
Brownie treat did Dig, the turtle, take.
Cake treat did Dig, the turtle, take.
name of the mouse was Rudd.
name of the mouse was Dig.
name of the mouse was Mouse.
name of the mouse was Splinter.
Dig and Rudddo after Dig did pulled the splinter out Finished the fence.
Dig and Rudddo after Dig did pulled the splinter out Ate more brownies.
Dig and Rudddo after Dig did pulled the splinter out Sun bathed.
Dig and Rudddo after Dig did pulled the splinter out Had a cookie.
Davydo to teased Kelsey He punched Kelsey.
Davydo to teased Kelsey He ignored Kelsey.
Davydo to teased Kelsey He called Kelsey names.
Davydo to teased Kelsey He tattled on Kelsey.
Kelsey happy that Davy asked him to teach him how to draw because He could finally tease his brother back about his bad drawings.
Kelsey happy that Davy asked him to teach him how to draw because He could finally get some chocolate when their mother gave them some.
Kelsey happy that Davy asked him to teach him how to draw because He could finally teach his older brother something.
Kelsey happy that Davy asked him to teach him how to draw because He could finally beat his brother at jacks.
Uncle Jack gave Kelsey and Davy Jacks.
Uncle Jack gave Kelsey and Davy Chalk.
Uncle Jack gave Kelsey and Davy Tops.
Uncle Jack gave Kelsey and Davy Crayons.
Davy upset at Kelsey because He didn't know as much about animals as Kelsey.
Davy upset at Kelsey because He wasn't as good at art and drawing as Kelsey.
Davy upset at Kelsey because He wasn't as fast a runner as Kelsey.
Davy upset at Kelsey because He wasn't as good at playing jacks as Kelsey.
Lionel did for King Played with King.
Lionel did for King Sat with him and chased away the cubs.
Lionel did for King Teased the other lions.
Lionel did for King Learned the tricks for King.
King felt after learning new things for the circus Happy but lonely.
King felt after learning new things for the circus Scared and hurt.
King felt after learning new things for the circus Scared but playful.
King felt after learning new things for the circus Happy and playful.
Lionel and King became friends on After Lionel sat next to King after the Circus man was mean to him.
Lionel and King became friends on When Lionel was hiding from King.
Lionel and King became friends on When Lionel first came to the circus.
Lionel and King became friends on When Mack and Oscar were being mean to Lionel.
the smallest lion was King.
the smallest lion was Mack.
the smallest lion was Lionel.
the smallest lion was Oscar.
Benny and his Dad need to bought ingredients to make pizza.
Benny and his Dad need to bought ingredients to make sauce.
Benny and his Dad need to bought ingredients to make pepperoni slices.
Benny and his Dad need to bought ingredients to make sandwich.
Monday, the day did Benny and his Dad start making the pizza.
Thursday, the day did Benny and his Dad start making the pizza.
Friday, the day did Benny and his Dad start making the pizza.
Sunday, the day did Benny and his Dad start making the pizza.
the pizza was cut into eight slices.
the pizza was cut into four slices.
the pizza was cut into ten slices.
the pizza was cut into six slices.
pepperoni slices was put on the pizza right after Benny rolled out the dough.
cheese was put on the pizza right after Benny rolled out the dough.
sauce was put on the pizza right after Benny rolled out the dough.
sausage was put on the pizza right after Benny rolled out the dough.
Just Dan all was going to the ocean with Dan.
Dan and his class along with three adults all was going to the ocean with Dan.
Dan and three adults all was going to the ocean with Dan.
Dan and his class all was going to the ocean with Dan.
Jeff got on the bus before Dan.
Tom got on the bus before Dan.
Steve got on the bus before Dan.
Dan got on the bus first got on the bus before Dan.
Dan get todo if the sun did was shining Go on a boat.
Dan get todo if the sun did was shining Stay on the bus.
Dan get todo if the sun did was shining Walk on the beach.
Dan get todo if the sun did was shining Look for sea shells.
Steve got off the bus before Dan.
Dan got off the bus first got off the bus before Dan.
Tom got off the bus before Dan.
Jeff got off the bus before Dan.
the man was lost in the woods.
The Prince was lost in the woods.
The Wizard was lost in the woods.
The Woman was lost in the woods.
the wizard was like The wizard was nice and loving.
the wizard was like The wizard was bad and very angry.
the wizard was like The wizard was bad and happy.
the wizard was like The wizard was happy and nice.
the girl have in her cave that did made her happy Sunlight.
the girl have in her cave that did made her happy Water.
the girl have in her cave that did made her happy A wind.
the girl have in her cave that did made her happy A flower that was really a prince.
the wizard ask the man to gave him The woman.
the wizard ask the man to gave him His Daughter.
the wizard ask the man to gave him A flower.
the wizard ask the man to gave him The one thing loved.
didn't Ralph fly by or go to is in George's house.
didn't Ralph fly by or go to is in The house of a cowboy.
didn't Ralph fly by or go to is in A jungle.
didn't Ralph fly by or go to is in A lake.
Ralph not see on his way to saw Ralph A pig who said oink.
Ralph not see on his way to saw Ralph A fly named John.
Ralph not see on his way to saw Ralph A tiger named Benny.
Ralph not see on his way to saw Ralph A horse with no name.
George is A pig.
George is A horse.
George is A fly.
George is A tiger.
name of the tiger was George.
name of the tiger was Ralph.
name of the tiger was Walter.
name of the tiger was Benny.
Eggs on toast dish was Janet's father making for breakfast.
Boiled eggs dish was Janet's father making for breakfast.
Scrambled eggs dish was Janet's father making for breakfast.
Fried Eggs dish was Janet's father making for breakfast.
Janet's father need to cook breakfasted Two eggs.
Janet's father need to cook breakfasted Three eggs.
Janet's father need to cook breakfasted Five eggs.
Janet's father need to cook breakfasted Six eggs.
Janet find the eggs she did needed in The chicken pen and a nest near the pond.
Janet find the eggs she did needed in In a big tree and in the back yard.
Janet find the eggs she did needed in The barn and pig pen.
Janet find the eggs she did needed in The bushes and the front porch.
animal that laid the fifth egg is Basket.
animal that laid the fifth egg is Duck.
animal that laid the fifth egg is Nest.
animal that laid the fifth egg is Chicken.
Her friend Bobby bought Mabel the bunny.
Her friend Faith bought Mabel the bunny.
Her aunt bought Mabel the bunny.
Her dad bought Mabel the bunny.
Five of Mabel's friends have pets.
Six of Mabel's friends have pets.
Three of Mabel's friends have pets.
Four of Mabel's friends have pets.
A puppy pet did Mabel end up getting.
A kitten pet did Mabel end up getting.
A bunny pet did Mabel end up getting.
A fish pet did Mabel end up getting.
Mabel named her bunny Fluffy because Because the bunny had blue eyes.
Mabel named her bunny Fluffy because Because the bunny was cute.
Mabel named her bunny Fluffy because Because the bunny was fluffy and soft.
Mabel named her bunny Fluffy because Because the bunny was gray.
Maxdo with the ladybug after he did caught it He put it on the rose.
Maxdo with the ladybug after he did caught it He chased it around the kitchen.
Maxdo with the ladybug after he did caught it He let it eat some of the apple slices.
Maxdo with the ladybug after he did caught it He let it go outside.
the ladybug got inside the house It was eating the apple.
the ladybug got inside the house Max put the ladybug in the jar and brought it in the house.
the ladybug got inside the house It was on one of the roses when Max and Annie brought them inside.
the ladybug got inside the house Annie let it in through a window.
Max and Annie picking flowers because Because their mother likes flowers.
Max and Annie picking flowers because So that they could have a snack.
Max and Annie picking flowers because To catch ladybugs.
Max and Annie picking flowers because There was nothing else to do.
Max and Annie put the flowers they did had picked in In the garden.
Max and Annie put the flowers they did had picked in They gave them to their mother.
Max and Annie put the flowers they did had picked in In the window.
Max and Annie put the flowers they did had picked in In a jar.
Max want to got bananas and chocolate because He wanted to get strawberries.
Max want to got bananas and chocolate because H wanted to get blueberries.
Max want to got bananas and chocolate because He wanted to see his friend Max.
Max want to got bananas and chocolate because He wanted to make a cake.
Alligator type of animal is Max.
Blueberries type of animal is Max.
Fox type of animal is Max.
Wolf type of animal is Max.
the items Greg were needed at the store Bananas.
the items Greg were needed at the store strawberries and blueberries.
the items Greg were needed at the store Chocolate.
the items Greg were needed at the store Ham.
A wolf such as Greg.
An alligator such as Greg.
Bananas such as Greg.
Dog such as Greg.
the dog almost got yelled at because The dog was almost yelled at for sitting in the seat for the whole trip.
the dog almost got yelled at because The dog was about to get yelled at for smashing the sand castle.
the dog almost got yelled at because The dog was almost yelled at for racing down to the water to play.
the dog almost got yelled at because The dog was almost yelled at for digging a huge ditch.
the dogdo when the family did got to the beach The dog carried the large umbrella down to the sand.
the dogdo when the family did got to the beach The dog dug a huge ditch.
the dogdo when the family did got to the beach The dog raced down to the water to play.
the dogdo when the family did got to the beach The dog went to sleep almost immediately.
it that was was added to a collection at home Shells.
it that was was added to a collection at home Fish.
it that was was added to a collection at home Buckets.
it that was was added to a collection at home Seaweed.
the main character go to slept on The main character went to sleep almost immediately when they got home.
the main character go to slept on The main character went to sleep when the sand castle was complete.
the main character go to slept on The main character went to sleep next to the smelly dog for the whole trip.
the main character go to slept on The main character went to sleep when the dog smashed the sand castle.
someone came to the door and Amy ran out of the kitchen happened when Juan and Amy went to get the yogurt.
the dog started barking and their mom started the oven happened when Juan and Amy went to get the yogurt.
their mom hugged their dad and they walked back into the kitchen together happened when Juan and Amy went to get the yogurt.
Juan was closing the door and Amy spilled the punch so Juan got the paper towels to clean up the punch happened when Juan and Amy went to get the yogurt.
their mom ask them todo to help made the cake go see who is at the door.
their mom ask them todo to help made the cake start the oven.
their mom ask them todo to help made the cake Get out the yogurt.
their mom ask them todo to help made the cake stay in the kitchen.
their dad come before the cake did was finished because Juan and Amy had to go to the river with him.
their dad come before the cake did was finished because He wanted to walk the dog.
their dad come before the cake did was finished because He missed them so he left his trip early.
their dad come before the cake did was finished because He wanted to hug their mom.
Juan and Amy happy because They were going on a long trip.
Juan and Amy happy because They were going to the river to skip stones and eat hotdogs.
Juan and Amy happy because Their dad was coming home from a long trip and they were going to help their mom make him a cake.
Juan and Amy happy because They were going to the park to walk the dog and swing.
the young girl's is name Kitten.
the young girl's is name Mr. Coffee.
the young girl's is name Noah.
the young girl's is name Angel.
Angel pick uped off the ground fireworks.
Angel pick uped off the ground a penny.
Angel pick uped off the ground a tiger.
Angel pick uped off the ground her cousin.
the tiger's is name Angel.
the tiger's is name Mr. Coffee.
the tiger's is name Noah.
the tiger's is name Kitten.
Kitten won tickets to the fireworks.
Angel won tickets to the fireworks.
Noah won tickets to the fireworks.
Mr. Coffee won tickets to the fireworks.
not helped build the boat Josh.
not helped build the boat Connor.
not helped build the boat Tonya.
not helped build the boat Dennis.
Keeping the snacks dry job did Connor have on the boat.
Steering job did Connor have on the boat.
Watching for rocks job did Connor have on the boat.
Being the captain job did Connor have on the boat.
Purple color did the boys paint the boat.
Red color did the boys paint the boat.
Green color did the boys paint the boat.
Brown color did the boys paint the boat.
the friends not took on the boat Potato chips.
the friends not took on the boat Peanut butter sandwiches.
the friends not took on the boat Carrots.
the friends not took on the boat Cupcakes.
the house came with Chairs, couch, table, bed.
the house came with Dresser, bed, table and telephone.
the house came with Telephone, TV, chairs, bed.
the house came with Dresser, chairs, table, bed.
it was Biggest couch, it was black.
it was smallest couch, it was red.
it was Middle couch, it was black.
it was Middle couch, it was brown.
Arizona, they pay more statedoes Maria teach in and why.
Arizona, it is her dream job statedoes Maria teach in and why.
Texas, Dream job statedoes Maria teach in and why.
Vermont, dream job statedoes Maria teach in and why.
Maria choose for getting the couch to her housed For it to be delivered and set up.
Maria choose for getting the couch to her housed For her to pick it up and not set up.
Maria choose for getting the couch to her housed for her to pick it up and them to set it up.
Maria choose for getting the couch to her housed For it to be delivered and not set up.
Larry think that the party was going to were no fun because Because none of his friends came.
Larry think that the party was going to were no fun because Because his mom yelled at him.
Larry think that the party was going to were no fun because Because there was no moon bounce.
Larry think that the party was going to were no fun because Because the cake was chocolate.
Larry's favorite food is Chocolate cake.
Larry's favorite food is Chocolate.
Larry's favorite food is Bananas.
Larry's favorite food is Banana cake.
Larry went to school that day on everyone said "Happy birthday!".
Larry went to school that day on Larry didn't go to school.
Larry went to school that day on everyone ate cake.
Larry went to school that day on nobody said "Happy Birthday!".
Larry's favorite food, and his favorite flavor was Banana cake.
Larry's favorite food, and his favorite flavor was Chocolate cake.
Larry's favorite food, and his favorite flavor was Chocolate banana.
Larry's favorite food, and his favorite flavor was Banana chocolate.
James set on the table He set a cake on the table.
James set on the table He set a dog on the table.
James set on the table He set out the cupcakes, fruit salad and toy mouse on the table.
James set on the table He set a bowl on the table.
 Did James's friend like his present His friend really disliked the toy mouse.
 Did James's friend like his present His friend really liked the toy mouse.
 Did James's friend like his present His friend did not like the toy mouse.
 Did James's friend like his present His friend really liked the toy dog.
James need to went to the store because He needed to get food for his friend's birthday party.
James need to went to the store because To buy party hats.
James need to went to the store because To buy a watch.
James need to went to the store because To buy paper.
James bought at the store James bought shiny paper.
James bought at the store James bought juice.
James bought at the store James bought birthday candles.
James bought at the store He bought the apples, cupcakes, bananas, and a toy mouse.
Sarah cut Sally's hair in In the kitchen.
Sarah cut Sally's hair in On a chair.
Sarah cut Sally's hair in In the bathroom.
Sarah cut Sally's hair in Outside.
Sarah's brother laughed because He saw that Sarah wrote on the wall.
Sarah's brother laughed because He heard Sarah tell a joke.
Sarah's brother laughed because Sally started to tickle him.
Sarah's brother laughed because He saw that Sally's hair had been cut.
Sarah turned red and told her mom that she did it happened when Sarah's mother turned around.
Sarah hid under the table happened when Sarah's mother turned around.
Sarah started to laugh happened when Sarah's mother turned around.
Sarah started to cry happened when Sarah's mother turned around.
Sarahdo when her mom did was helping her brother with the trash Hit her sister Sally.
Sarahdo when her mom did was helping her brother with the trash Climbed up on a chair to get the scissors, then put the chair back at the table.
Sarahdo when her mom did was helping her brother with the trash Climbed up on a chair to get a marker, then put the chair back at the table.
Sarahdo when her mom did was helping her brother with the trash Wrote on the wall.
Bill think did had happened to his room after the door slammed shut The Indians had attacked it.
Bill think did had happened to his room after the door slammed shut The voices in the wind were in it.
Bill think did had happened to his room after the door slammed shut It had caught fire.
Bill think did had happened to his room after the door slammed shut Susan and Ned had set it on fire.
Bill say he did woulddo to the voices in the wind Shoot them with his toy gun.
Bill say he did woulddo to the voices in the wind Get Zack to help him chase them away.
Bill say he did woulddo to the voices in the wind Set them on fire.
Bill say he did woulddo to the voices in the wind Tell Susan and Ned about them.
Bill's parents tell Bill they did were going todo Talk to the voices in the wind.
Bill's parents tell Bill they did were going todo Make sure the car windows were shut.
Bill's parents tell Bill they did were going todo Set Bill's room on fire.
Bill's parents tell Bill they did were going todo Make sure Zack had his toy gun.
Bill's parents were named Bill and Susan.
Bill's parents were named Zack and Susan.
Bill's parents were named Zack and Ned.
Bill's parents were named Ned and Susan.
a camp activity was Telling ghost stories.
a camp activity was Taking a shower.
a camp activity was Fighting with other boys.
a camp activity was Calling home at least every two days.
Went out on a boat to catch fish that they later cleaned and cooked themselves own meals.
Pick out berries and roots in the forest that were safe to eat own meals.
Make peanut butter sandwiches own meals.
Went into the woods to hunt and eat a bear own meals.
That Frank would get in a fight with the other boys summer camp.
That Frank would get lost in the woods and get eaten by a bear summer camp.
That Frank would have nothing but peanut butter sandwiches to eat and would want to eat something else summer camp.
That Frank wouldn't take a shower or a bath summer camp.
Frank explained to Frank's mom that it was safe to send Frank to summer camp.
The camp leaders explained to Frank's mom that it was safe to send Frank to summer camp.
Frank's friends explained to Frank's mom that it was safe to send Frank to summer camp.
The scout masters explained to Frank's mom that it was safe to send Frank to summer camp.
10 time did the party start.
2 time did the party start.
11 time did the party start.
1 time did the party start.
Erin and Jennifer got hurt at the party.
Cathy and Erin got hurt at the party.
Jennifer and Sally got hurt at the party.
Erin and Sally got hurt at the party.
 Whose birthday is it Cathy.
 Whose birthday is it Jessica.
 Whose birthday is it Sally.
 Whose birthday is it Jennifer.
1 time did Jennifer arrive to the party.
2 time did Jennifer arrive to the party.
8 time did Jennifer arrive to the party.
10 time did Jennifer arrive to the party.
the piggiesdo when Andy got backed from his walk play games and eat dinner.
the piggiesdo when Andy got backed from his walk play in the mud and go for a walk.
the piggiesdo when Andy got backed from his walk swim in the river and play games.
the piggiesdo when Andy got backed from his walk go for a walk and look at flowers.
Andy saw on his walk other piggies.
Andy saw on his walk flowers and a tree.
Andy saw on his walk tasty treats.
Andy saw on his walk a mud puddle.
Andy love to rolled around in mud.
Andy love to rolled around in cupcakes.
Andy love to rolled around in grass.
Andy love to rolled around in water.
the other piggies not want to did with Andy walk.
the other piggies not want to did with Andy swim.
the other piggies not want to did with Andy eat.
the other piggies not want to did with Andy play.
Justin's father proud of him because He caught a butterfly.
Justin's father proud of him because He let the catfish go.
Justin's father proud of him because He chased lightning bugs.
Justin's father proud of him because He rode a horse.
Justin's favorite animal was pig.
Justin's favorite animal was chicken.
Justin's favorite animal was horse.
Justin's favorite animal was cow.
Justin's father's was name James.
Justin's father's was name Jerry.
Justin's father's was name Todd.
Justin's father's was name Billy.
a catfish was born on the farm in the spring.
Justin was born on the farm in the spring.
pigs was born on the farm in the spring.
a baby horse was born on the farm in the spring.
He was late for class happened to Jamie along with breaking his watch.
He skinned his knee happened to Jamie along with breaking his watch.
He and Kevin got into a fight happened to Jamie along with breaking his watch.
He couldn't play with his friends happened to Jamie along with breaking his watch.
watch from is in His mother.
watch from is in His uncle.
watch from is in His grandfather.
watch from is in His brother.
name of the child who had the toy truck was Lindsay.
name of the child who had the toy truck was Jimmy.
name of the child who had the toy truck was Megan.
name of the child who had the toy truck was Kevin.
Jamie triped over A jump rope.
Jamie triped over A baseball bat.
Jamie triped over A toy truck.
Jamie triped over A set of sidewalk chalk.
Asta and Sharkie became friends with the little girl They asked her to come play with them in the ocean.
Asta and Sharkie became friends with the little girl They wrote her a note and sent it to her with a bird.
Asta and Sharkie became friends with the little girl Asta's papa sent her an orange crayon in a bottle.
Asta and Sharkie became friends with the little girl They wrote her a note and sent it to her in another bottle.
they took the note to Asta's papa because They could not open it.
they took the note to Asta's papa because They wanted to be friends with a bird.
they took the note to Asta's papa because They could not read it.
they took the note to Asta's papa because They wanted to be friends with a little girl.
the bottle looked like a bird's belly.
the bottle looked like Sharkie.
the bottle looked like an orange crayon.
the bottle looked like a rock.
inside the bottle was a rock.
inside the bottle was a note.
inside the bottle was a crayon.
inside the bottle was a bird.
Alexis was being mean to Derek.
Sandy was being mean to Derek.
Jenny was being mean to Derek.
Mrs. Mustard was being mean to Derek.
Jenny called the police.
Sandy called the police.
Alexis called the police.
Mrs. Mustard called the police.
Derek when the stranger walked up to him was in The parking lot.
Derek when the stranger walked up to him was in The school yard.
Derek when the stranger walked up to him was in The classroom.
Derek when the stranger walked up to him was in The jungle gym.
The police told Mrs. Mustard about the stranger.
Jenny told Mrs. Mustard about the stranger.
Sandy and Alexis told Mrs. Mustard about the stranger.
Derek told Mrs. Mustard about the stranger.
my friends wants to be A ball.
my friends wants to be A spoon.
my friends wants to be A pea.
my friends wants to be A cook.
my friend's favorite kind of is soup Pea.
my friend's favorite kind of is soup Chicken.
my friend's favorite kind of is soup Vegetable.
my friend's favorite kind of is soup Tomato.
Crown doesn't my piggy princess friend have.
Castle doesn't my piggy princess friend have.
A best friend doesn't my piggy princess friend have.
Carriage doesn't my piggy princess friend have.
my friend and I do together Grow peas.
my friend and I do together Play tag.
my friend and I do together Go to balls.
my friend and I do together Cook and eat.
the leader was Cookie Monster.
the leader was Fluffy.
the leader was Snowball.
the leader was Larry.
Fluffy want to did the first day Play together.
Fluffy want to did the first day Drink milk.
Fluffy want to did the first day Annoy the dogs.
Fluffy want to did the first day Chase mice.
Larry think did was a bad idea Annoying the dogs.
Larry think did was a bad idea Chasing mice.
Larry think did was a bad idea Playing together.
Larry think did was a bad idea Drinking milk.
Larry scared away the dogs.
Cookie Monster scared away the dogs.
Snowball scared away the dogs.
Fluffy scared away the dogs.
Lizzie's sister, Meghan, woke her up woke Lizzie up.
Ralph playing with his ball woke Lizzie up.
Ralph yelling woke Lizzie up.
The sound of the women washing laundry woke Lizzie up.
Lizzie lives with Her brother, Ralph, and her mom, Meghan.
Lizzie lives with Her sister, Meghan, and her dog, Ralph.
Lizzie lives with Her aunt, Meghan, and her dog, Ralph.
Lizzie lives with Her father, Ralph, and her sister, Meghan.
Lizzie write her letters in At a table in her room.
Lizzie write her letters in Outside, waiting for the mailman.
Lizzie write her letters in By the lake.
Lizzie write her letters in At the table in the kitchen.
Lizzie's dad doesdo for work Lizzie's dad washes laundry.
Lizzie's dad doesdo for work Lizzie has never met her dad.
Lizzie's dad doesdo for work Lizzie's dad is a mailman.
Lizzie's dad doesdo for work Lizzie's dad was a driver for a rich family in England.
 Billy has blonde hair like his mother or father Father.
 Billy has blonde hair like his mother or father Sister.
 Billy has blonde hair like his mother or father Goat.
 Billy has blonde hair like his mother or father Mother.
Billy and Sally answer in a loud or soft voice, what game are they playing on A game with the duck, Quack.
Billy and Sally answer in a loud or soft voice, what game are they playing on A game where they eat lettuce.
Billy and Sally answer in a loud or soft voice, what game are they playing on A game with the goat, Joey.
Billy and Sally answer in a loud or soft voice, what game are they playing on A game where they are answering the telephone.
the mother, called Billy.
the mother, called Deborah.
the mother, called Bob.
the mother, called Sally.
the goat, called Joey.
the goat, called Sally.
the goat, called Quack.
the goat, called Billy.
the dad's favorite was drink a banana drink.
the dad's favorite was drink a white bin.
the dad's favorite was drink a white costume.
the dad's favorite was drink a doctor.
Kyle's dad drive homed because he found a white doctor costume.
Kyle's dad drive homed because he wanted to give Kyle a banana.
Kyle's dad drive homed because he wanted to play doctor.
Kyle's dad drive homed because He was tired of the long ride.
Kyle's dad want to got on the ride a white costume.
Kyle's dad want to got on the ride a white bin.
Kyle's dad want to got on the ride Kyle.
Kyle's dad want to got on the ride breakfast.
someone else did shut a white bin.
someone else did shut the back door.
someone else did shut Kyle's house.
someone else did shut a banana.
Jenny feel when the baby kept crying after Jenny did gave her the horse she didn't care.
Jenny feel when the baby kept crying after Jenny did gave her the horse she felt angry.
Jenny feel when the baby kept crying after Jenny did gave her the horse she felt tired.
Jenny feel when the baby kept crying after Jenny did gave her the horse she felt sad.
Jenny wanted todo sing.
Jenny wanted todo play with her mom.
Jenny wanted todo play with her baby sister.
Jenny wanted todo play with her horses.
Jenny's mom told her todo give her sister a pacifier.
Jenny's mom told her todo Play with her sister.
Jenny's mom told her todo give her sister a toy horse.
Jenny's mom told her todo sing to her sister.
Jenny's great idea was She gave the baby a pacifier.
Jenny's great idea was She played with the baby.
Jenny's great idea was she would ask her mom.
Jenny's great idea was She gave the baby her toy horse.
couldn't the fish give the kid a party because the fish lived in a bowl.
couldn't the fish give the kid a party because the fish was sick.
couldn't the fish give the kid a party because the fish had no present.
couldn't the fish give the kid a party because the kid didn't like the fish.
the fish gave the kid a stone.
the fish gave the kid a banana.
the fish gave the kid a pill.
the fish gave the kid a mommy.
the fish eat and where did he got it the fish ate a piece of bread.
the fish eat and where did he got it the fish at a banana from the granddaddy.
the fish eat and where did he got it the fish ate a stone from the mommy.
the fish eat and where did he got it the fish ate a banana from the kid.
the kid said the fish was a stone.
the kid said the fish was a banana.
the kid said the fish was a mommy.
the kid said the fish was a cutie.
Jack's Auntie calling scared all of the animals away.
the train whistle scared all of the animals away.
a loud horn scared all of the animals away.
a wolf howl scared all of the animals away.
Jack going to be late for if they was didn't hurry a visit to the doctor.
Jack going to be late for if they was didn't hurry his bedtime.
Jack going to be late for if they was didn't hurry story time.
Jack going to be late for if they was didn't hurry his birthday.
Jack hope that there did would be to eat cake.
Jack hope that there did would be to eat vegetables.
Jack hope that there did would be to eat fish.
Jack hope that there did would be to eat cookies.
Jack saw a butterfly in at school.
Jack saw a butterfly in in the woods.
Jack saw a butterfly in near the river.
Jack saw a butterfly in by the house.
green color did I say he was wearing.
orange color did I say he was wearing.
blue color did I say he was wearing.
white color did I say he was wearing.
blue color shirt is my friend wearing.
green color shirt is my friend wearing.
orange color shirt is my friend wearing.
white color shirt is my friend wearing.
I say I did checked 5 rooms.
I say I did checked 4 rooms.
I say I did checked 3 rooms.
I say I did checked 2 rooms.
my friend was in the bathroom room.
my friend was in the living room room.
my friend was in the bedroom room.
my friend was in the kitchen room.
Grandpa's sailboat was named Salty Ocean Air.
Grandpa's sailboat was named Josh.
Grandpa's sailboat was named Sea Girl.
Grandpa's sailboat was named Buried Treasure.
Josh's favorite place is in Summer vacation.
Josh's favorite place is in his garden.
Josh's favorite place is in the beach.
Josh's favorite place is in Florida.
Josh get to went to Florida on This summer only.
Josh get to went to Florida on A few times a year.
Josh get to went to Florida on Every summer.
Josh get to went to Florida on Whenever he had a school vacation.
Grandma sometimes included in her dinners Ice cream.
Grandma sometimes included in her dinners carrots, cucumbers, tomatoes.
Grandma sometimes included in her dinners Anything from her kitchen.
Grandma sometimes included in her dinners Josh's favorite dinners.
Kimmi sad because she did not like the puppy.
Kimmi sad because Nobody liked her.
Kimmi sad because Joe said mean things about her.
Kimmi sad because she wanted Jenny to be nice to her.
Sam and Jenny are friends at the start of the story.
Sam and Jenny and Kimmi and Joe are friends at the start of the story.
Jenny and Kimmi are friends at the start of the story.
Kimmi and Joe are friends at the start of the story.
Sam is friends with everyone is not friends with Sam at the start of the story.
Jenny is not friends with Sam at the start of the story.
Joe is not friends with Sam at the start of the story.
Joe and Kimmi is not friends with Sam at the start of the story.
Jenny, Sam and Kimmi doing under the tree were Sam and Kimmi found Jenny with a hurt puppy.
Jenny, Sam and Kimmi doing under the tree were Jenny and Kimmi found Sam crying.
Jenny, Sam and Kimmi doing under the tree were Sam and Jenny were playing with a puppy and found Kimmi crying.
Jenny, Sam and Kimmi doing under the tree were Jenny, Sam and Kimmi were playing together.
Max's was job Dancer.
Max's was job Setting up the stage and lights.
Max's was job Making the costumes.
Max's was job Singer.
Going out for ice cream wasn't an idea that for the school Christmas show.
Putting on a play wasn't an idea that for the school Christmas show.
Putting on a musical wasn't an idea that for the school Christmas show.
Putting on a dance show wasn't an idea that for the school Christmas show.
Joe get chocolate ice creamed because Because they were all out of strawberry.
Joe get chocolate ice creamed because Because the school was giving out free ice cream for the Christmas show.
Joe get chocolate ice creamed because Because it was the idea that was picked out of the hat.
Joe get chocolate ice creamed because Because it's his favorite flavor of ice cream.
In the end, 4 singers were in the show.
In the end, 5 singers were in the show.
In the end, 3 singers were in the show.
In the end, 2 singers were in the show.
Sarah say about the pears after she did ate one It was red and squishy.
Sarah say about the pears after she did ate one It was pink and hard.
Sarah say about the pears after she did ate one It was green and hard.
Sarah say about the pears after she did ate one It was green and squishy.
Red color was Sarah's shirt.
Pink color was Sarah's shirt.
Yellow color was Sarah's shirt.
Green color was Sarah's shirt.
Sarah and her dad picked Thirty pears.
Sarah and her dad picked Thirty four pears.
Sarah and her dad picked Three pears.
Sarah and her dad picked Five pears.
Her sister was Sarah picking pears with.
Her grandmother was Sarah picking pears with.
Her dad was Sarah picking pears with.
Her mom was Sarah picking pears with.
the friendliest was The pig.
the friendliest was The cows.
the friendliest was The tiger.
the friendliest was The unicorn.
the mother throw their trashed in On the bus.
the mother throw their trashed in The trashcans near the stone benches.
the mother throw their trashed in Outside the zoo.
the mother throw their trashed in On the ground.
the class took a trip in The water slide.
the class took a trip in The park.
the class took a trip in The zoo.
the class took a trip in The school.
they have lunched in By the pigs.
they have lunched in With a unicorn.
they have lunched in The tiger den.
they have lunched in The stone benches in the park area.
it hard to celebrate my birthday because Because my friends don't like me.
it hard to celebrate my birthday because Because I am not nice.
it hard to celebrate my birthday because Because they are at school.
it hard to celebrate my birthday because Because my friends are on vacation.
during the summer You can have ice-cream for breakfast, stay inside all day and watch television, and ride your bike |(amazing things can you).
during the summer You can eat ice-cream for breakfast, meet up with friends, and go shopping |(amazing things can you).
during the summer You can go shopping, get dirty playing outside, and eat ice-cream for dinner |(amazing things can you).
during the summer You can ride your bike, sleep all day, and wear a dress |(amazing things can you).
I have Pig, dog, and fish.
I have Pig, dog, and cat.
I have Dog, pig, fish.
I have Cat, dog, snake.
my birthday is on During the winter.
my birthday is on During the summer.
my birthday is on During the fall.
my birthday is on During the spring.
David was worried about missing the wolf clown.
David was worried about their little brother could not go in the tent.
David was worried about the bag was not theirs.
David was worried about his sister drawing triangles in the sand.
David say to Lucy to calmed her fear He said the circus had all clowns.
David say to Lucy to calmed her fear He said their little brother was too young.
David say to Lucy to calmed her fear He said he would save her and that the wolf clown was a person in make-up.
David say to Lucy to calmed her fear He said their mom went to the bathroom.
they going were in the circus to see triangles.
they going were in the bathroom to get ready for bed.
they going were in to see the wolf at the zoo.
they going were in The circus to see clowns.
Lucydo with the bag she founded in the tent it had cool stuff in it so they kept it.
Lucydo with the bag she founded in the tent they left it in the bathroom.
Lucydo with the bag she founded in the tent Lucy's Mom made her turn it into the lost and found because it was not theirs.
Lucydo with the bag she founded in the tent they took it to the truck with the diapers.
Mrs. Fox did the fox get the apple for.
His fox kits did the fox get the apple for.
Himself did the fox get the apple for.
His friend did the fox get the apple for.
the fox lives in A tree.
the fox lives in A den.
the fox lives in A rock.
the fox lives in A house.
Summer season is it.
Spring season is it.
Winter season is it.
Autumn season is it.
the fox got to the apple He jumped to the branch.
the fox got to the apple The apple fell down.
the fox got to the apple The apple was on the ground.
the fox got to the apple He climbed the tree.
the cake go before the frog put frosting on it in Into the castle.
the cake go before the frog put frosting on it in On his friends' heads.
the cake go before the frog put frosting on it in Into the oven.
the cake go before the frog put frosting on it in Into the frog's belly.
the friends and the frog thought of the cake They thought it was ugly.
the friends and the frog thought of the cake They didn't like it.
the friends and the frog thought of the cake The frog has no friends.
the friends and the frog thought of the cake They liked it.
Red color was the frosting.
Pink color was the frosting.
Blue color was the frosting.
Brown color was the frosting.
the frog made a cake because He was sad.
the frog made a cake because He was having a party.
the frog made a cake because An evil witch told him to.
the frog made a cake because His best friend was buying it from him.
the books that Angela were organized in bathroom.
the books that Angela were organized in kitchen.
the books that Angela were organized in living room.
the books that Angela were organized in desk.
Angela making salad for lunch was on today.
Angela making salad for lunch was on Saturday.
Angela making salad for lunch was on Sunday.
Angela making salad for lunch was on Friday.
Angela cleaned first in bathroom.
Angela cleaned first in kitchen.
Angela cleaned first in living room.
Angela cleaned first in dining room.
Angela walked to in sky.
Angela walked to in ocean.
Angela walked to in bedroom.
Angela walked to in the beach.
the teacher reacted to the naughty boy she made him sit on the window.
the teacher reacted to the naughty boy she didn't let him go on the playground for a week.
the teacher reacted to the naughty boy she put his head in the water.
the teacher reacted to the naughty boy she made him go outside.
the naughty boy sitting was in outside.
the naughty boy sitting was in on the playground.
the naughty boy sitting was in in math class.
the naughty boy sitting was in on the window.
the playground scared the kitty inside.
the naughty boy scared the kitty inside.
a loud airplane scared the kitty inside.
the teacher scared the kitty inside.
the teacher's husband fixed the sink Wednesday.
the teacher's husband fixed the sink soon.
the teacher's husband fixed the sink Saturday.
the teacher's husband fixed the sink Tuesday.
Little Bunny want to invited 8 friends.
Little Bunny want to invited 5 friends.
Little Bunny want to invited 6 friends.
Little Bunny want to invited 4 friends.
Bear and Duck would feel left out if they couldn't come to the party.
Fox and Turtle would feel left out if they couldn't come to the party.
Goose and Rabbit would feel left out if they couldn't come to the party.
Duck and Goose would feel left out if they couldn't come to the party.
Turtle was having a birthday.
Duck was having a birthday.
Little Bunny was having a birthday.
Bear was having a birthday.
Rabbit was fun and told funny jokes.
Bear was fun and told funny jokes.
Goose was fun and told funny jokes.
Turtle was fun and told funny jokes.
Patty and Ben took Tori to Animal Control.
Ben and Joe took Tori to Animal Control.
Mike and Joe took Tori to Animal Control.
Ben and Mike took Tori to Animal Control.
the puppy placed to wait to be picked up was in In a cage at an Animal Control center.
the puppy placed to wait to be picked up was in On the street.
the puppy placed to wait to be picked up was in In her backyard outside.
the puppy placed to wait to be picked up was in On the sidewalk.
Tori playing with her favorite ball was in On the sidewalk.
Tori playing with her favorite ball was in At Animal Control.
Tori playing with her favorite ball was in In her backyard.
Tori playing with her favorite ball was in In the truck.
Mike opened Tori's cage.
Patty opened Tori's cage.
Ben opened Tori's cage.
Joe opened Tori's cage.
Andy and father wanted to have green onions on the pizza.
Sue and father wanted to have green onions on the pizza.
Sue and Dan wanted to have green onions on the pizza.
Dan and Andy wanted to have green onions on the pizza.
not wanted thin crust pizza Sue and Dan.
not wanted thin crust pizza Dan and Andy.
not wanted thin crust pizza Father and Sue.
not wanted thin crust pizza Father and Dan.
not wanted chicken on the pizza Andy, Sue and Dan.
not wanted chicken on the pizza Sue and Dan.
not wanted chicken on the pizza Just Sue.
not wanted chicken on the pizza Just Dan.
Dan, Andy and Sue wanted mushrooms on the pizza.
Dan and Father wanted mushrooms on the pizza.
Father and Sue wanted mushrooms on the pizza.
Andy and Father wanted mushrooms on the pizza.
the girl's was name Ashley.
the girl's was name Dad.
the girl's was name Sarah.
the girl's was name Mom.
the first food the family was bought Eggs.
the first food the family was bought Bread.
the first food the family was bought Lemons.
the first food the family was bought Apples.
Ashley's dad buy for her that did made her excited Chocolate.
Ashley's dad buy for her that did made her excited Bread.
Ashley's dad buy for her that did made her excited Lemons.
Ashley's dad buy for her that did made her excited Eggs.
one of Ashley's favorite things to wasdo Waiting in line.
one of Ashley's favorite things to wasdo Eating breakfast.
one of Ashley's favorite things to wasdo Food Shopping.
one of Ashley's favorite things to wasdo Making breakfast.
They saw the lion happened when John and Sally got into the darkest part of the forest.
They heard the lion roar happened when John and Sally got into the darkest part of the forest.
They found the ingredients for the very special cake happened when John and Sally got into the darkest part of the forest.
They jumped in mud puddles and threw sticks at one another happened when John and Sally got into the darkest part of the forest.
John and Sally's mother want to did for her son and daughter She wanted to eat melon balls.
John and Sally's mother want to did for her son and daughter She wanted to bake a very special cake.
John and Sally's mother want to did for her son and daughter She wanted to watch TV and eat potato chips.
John and Sally's mother want to did for her son and daughter She wanted to feed them to a lion.
John and Sally's mother want her children to follow the river and not went into the forest because She had been eating too many melon balls.
John and Sally's mother want her children to follow the river and not went into the forest because A lion had escaped from the zoo and he might be hiding in the forest.
John and Sally's mother want her children to follow the river and not went into the forest because It was a beautiful day.
John and Sally's mother want her children to follow the river and not went into the forest because Following the river was the shortest way into town.
Sally said the very special cake sounded horrible.
The lion said the very special cake sounded horrible.
John said the very special cake sounded horrible.
John and Sally's Mother said the very special cake sounded horrible.
didn't Andy play is in Playground.
didn't Andy play is in Outside.
didn't Andy play is in Basement.
didn't Andy play is in His room.
Play with sticks didn't Andydo with Angie.
Play with dolls didn't Andydo with Angie.
Play with blocks didn't Andydo with Angie.
Play with cards didn't Andydo with Angie.
Andy finallydo that made him had fun Played in the basement.
Andy finallydo that made him had fun Played with his sister.
Andy finallydo that made him had fun Played with a friend.
Andy finallydo that made him had fun Played with blocks.
Video Games didn't Andy play with.
Blocks didn't Andy play with.
Dolls didn't Andy play with.
Cards didn't Andy play with.
Tyler liked most about the house Movie theatre.
Tyler liked most about the house Bowling Place.
Tyler liked most about the house The Trampoline.
Tyler liked most about the house Swimming Pool.
Jerry made people give the baseball player things.
Tyler made people give the baseball player things.
Lucy made people give the baseball player things.
Peter made people give the baseball player things.
the baseball player's was name Peter.
the baseball player's was name Lucy.
the baseball player's was name Jerry.
the baseball player's was name Tyler.
Tyler's favorite way to was throw a baseball Fast.
Tyler's favorite way to was throw a baseball Rolling it on the ground.
Tyler's favorite way to was throw a baseball Slow.
Tyler's favorite way to was throw a baseball On his head.
 Did the train make noise at all The bells sounded.
 Did the train make noise at all no.
 Did the train make noise at all the train never came.
 Did the train make noise at all the train had loud wheels.
 Did the black cat have a name Jon.
 Did the black cat have a name Steve.
 Did the black cat have a name Bob.
 Did the black cat have a name No.
The black cat ate the melon.
Steve ate the melon.
Steve and the black cat ate the melon.
Bob ate the melon.
the mouse got caught in Barn.
the mouse got caught in the grass.
the mouse got caught in Train tracks.
the mouse got caught in in the train.
Blue color shirt was the man wearing who showed Jane and her dad their seats.
Green color shirt was the man wearing who showed Jane and her dad their seats.
Black and white color shirt was the man wearing who showed Jane and her dad their seats.
Red color shirt was the man wearing who showed Jane and her dad their seats.
The pitcher was not at the baseball game.
Jane's father was not at the baseball game.
A man who had cotton candy was not at the baseball game.
Jane's coach was not at the baseball game.
Soccer sport did Jane's father take her to see.
Basketball sport did Jane's father take her to see.
Running sport did Jane's father take her to see.
Baseball sport did Jane's father take her to see.
Jane and her father ate at the baseball game Hot dogs.
Jane and her father ate at the baseball game Cotton candy.
Jane and her father ate at the baseball game Orange slices.
Jane and her father ate at the baseball game Peanuts.
Mars said Ms. Star coulddo Make something.
Mars said Ms. Star coulddo Wear a sweater.
Mars said Ms. Star coulddo Play with a space puppy.
Mars said Ms. Star coulddo Ride a space ship.
Ms. Star got for Moon, and why A space puppy, to play with!.
Ms. Star got for Moon, and why A space ship, to ride!.
Ms. Star got for Moon, and why A sweater made from star dust, because it's cold in space!.
Ms. Star got for Moon, and why A new house to live in!.
Neptune like a fun gift.
A dog like a fun gift.
A cupcake like a fun gift.
A rainbow like a fun gift.
Pluto all did Ms. Star have to ask to find the right gift for Moon.
Uranus all did Ms. Star have to ask to find the right gift for Moon.
Neptune all did Ms. Star have to ask to find the right gift for Moon.
Saturn and Mars all did Ms. Star have to ask to find the right gift for Moon.
my cat's is name Mom.
my cat's is name Buggleton.
my cat's is name Kitchen.
my cat's is name Joe.
morning is in Garage.
morning is in Shed.
morning is in Kitchen.
morning is in Box.
my cat has a door in Den.
my cat has a door in Garage.
my cat has a door in Kitchen.
my cat has a door in Box.
Neighbor takes care of my cat when I am on vacation.
Husband takes care of my cat when I am on vacation.
Brother takes care of my cat when I am on vacation.
Mom takes care of my cat when I am on vacation.
Graham's favorite animal is Lion.
Graham's favorite animal is Elephant.
Graham's favorite animal is Giraffe.
Graham's favorite animal is Panda.
young was in The Zoo.
young was in School.
young was in Africa.
young was in His room.
to educate people Give speeches.
to educate people Raise money.
to educate people Go to Africa.
to educate people Make signs.
Graham think the giraffes needed helped because Their homes were being destroyed.
Graham think the giraffes needed helped because They had spots.
Graham think the giraffes needed helped because They were too tall.
Graham think the giraffes needed helped because They lived in Africa.
the clown works hard He stayed at the zoo.
the clown works hard He threw a plane and put jelly on his face.
the clown works hard He laughed.
the clown works hard He stood outside.
the clown hot because Because he had too much paint on his face.
the clown hot because Because he worked in the zoo.
the clown hot because Because he juggled plates.
the clown hot because Because it was warmer than normal and he was in costume.
the story take places in In a zoo.
the story take places in At a circus.
the story take places in At a plate shop.
the story take places in In a jelly store.
the clown doesdo at noon He puts jelly on his face.
the clown doesdo at noon He throws a plane.
the clown doesdo at noon He juggles plates.
the clown doesdo at noon He puts on his costume.
Lisa invited Marvin in the kitchen.
Lisa invited Marvin in outside.
Lisa invited Marvin in the lake.
Lisa invited Marvin in a car.
red color was Marvin's cereal bowl.
blue color was Marvin's cereal bowl.
green color was Marvin's cereal bowl.
yellow color was Marvin's cereal bowl.
Marvin hear when he did went outside the sun.
Marvin hear when he did went outside Lisa.
Marvin hear when he did went outside bluebirds.
Marvin hear when he did went outside cars.
Marvin go right when he woke uped in the kitchen.
Marvin go right when he woke uped in his bedroom.
Marvin go right when he woke uped in outside.
Marvin go right when he woke uped in The bathroom.
the cat was confused about The cat was confused about where the river was.
the cat was confused about The cat was confused about the other little animals who lived in the woods.
the cat was confused about The cat was confused about being given berries.
the cat was confused about The cat was confused about catching the scent of the mouse.
the mouse choose to rested in The mouse chose to rest in the woods.
the mouse choose to rested in The mouse chose to rest on the small, grey cat.
the mouse choose to rested in The mouse chose to rest with the other little animals who lived in the woods.
the mouse choose to rested in The mouse chose to rest in a small area with soft sand to lie on.
the cat found the mouse The cat went down to the river because it was a nice day out and spotted him.
the cat found the mouse The cat had followed the mouse to the river.
the cat found the mouse The cat caught a scent of the mouse.
the cat found the mouse The cat was told by the other little animals.
the cat lived in Under a tree.
the cat lived in By the river.
the cat lived in With the mouse.
the cat lived in In the woods.
Make her bed, then weed her garden order did Sherrydo two of the items on her to-do list.
Read, then make dinner order did Sherrydo two of the items on her to-do list.
Feed her cat, then laundry order did Sherrydo two of the items on her to-do list.
Weed her garden, then laundry order did Sherrydo two of the items on her to-do list.
Sam in this story is a cat.
Sherry in this story is a cat.
Zoey in this story is a cat.
Carl in this story is a cat.
Sherry did first Make her bed.
Sherry did first Gardening.
Sherry did first Feed her cat.
Sherry did first Laundry.
Sherry NOT did after dinner Make her bed.
Sherry NOT did after dinner Brush her teeth.
Sherry NOT did after dinner Feed her cat.
Sherry NOT did after dinner Read her book.
Rachel know that she could take cared of the kitten Rachel thought that the kitten must not have a home.
Rachel know that she could take cared of the kitten The kitten was friendly.
Rachel know that she could take cared of the kitten She took the kitten to a doctor to see if there was an ID chip under the skin.
Rachel know that she could take cared of the kitten She had enough money and enough time for the kitten.
She found the kitten at the park didn't have a home.
The kitten was friendly didn't have a home.
The kitten had orange fur didn't have a home.
Its ribs were showing and it didn't have a collar didn't have a home.
Rachel look at lost kittened ads in The doctor's office.
Rachel look at lost kittened ads in The zoo.
Rachel look at lost kittened ads in The Internet.
Rachel look at lost kittened ads in The park.
the doctor look for an ID chiped on the kitten in On the belly.
the doctor look for an ID chiped on the kitten in On the collar.
the doctor look for an ID chiped on the kitten in On the ribs.
the doctor look for an ID chiped on the kitten in Under the skin.
the puppy slept in The fridge.
the puppy slept in Sally's bed.
the puppy slept in Sally's arms.
the puppy slept in The park.
Sally heard in the park a bird.
Sally heard in the park a puppy.
Sally heard in the park a kitten.
Sally heard in the park her neighbor.
Sally laughed because The puppy licked her nose.
Sally laughed because The puppy wagged his tail.
Sally laughed because The puppy fell asleep.
Sally laughed because The puppy ate some meat.
white color was the puppy.
brown color was the puppy.
brown with white paws color was the puppy.
white with brown paws color was the puppy.
they found the book in Under the couch.
they found the book in In the kitchen.
they found the book in In the bathroom.
they found the book in Under his bed.
today an important day because His class would get a pizza party if everybody brought their library books back.
today an important day because The library was closed.
today an important day because There was going to be a pizza party for everybody who came to school.
today an important day because There was pizza for school lunch today.
Che happy because He didn't have to go to school.
Che happy because He found the book.
Che happy because He got a pizza party.
Che happy because His father brought him pizza.
Che upset because He was late for school.
Che upset because His father would not help him.
Che upset because His dog was getting in the way.
Che upset because He couldn't find his library book.
Robert is Farmer John's best friend.
Bill is Farmer John's best friend.
Jessica is Farmer John's best friend.
Mary is Farmer John's best friend.
Mary is the first guest to show up.
Jessica is the first guest to show up.
Robert is the first guest to show up.
Bill is the first guest to show up.
Mary won the last game of pin the tail on the unicorn.
Farmer John won the last game of pin the tail on the unicorn.
Jessica won the last game of pin the tail on the unicorn.
Bill won the last game of pin the tail on the unicorn.
After Robert has eaten some bacon, Pasta does he eat next.
After Robert has eaten some bacon, Sandwiches does he eat next.
After Robert has eaten some bacon, Chicken does he eat next.
After Robert has eaten some bacon, Salad does he eat next.
Pet did the robin snuggle up with.
Jacob's mother did the robin snuggle up with.
Jacob did the robin snuggle up with.
The bumblebee did the robin snuggle up with.
feet body got hurt.
head body got hurt.
hands body got hurt.
elbow body got hurt.
Jacob lay his headed on The picnic table.
Jacob lay his headed on A robin.
Jacob lay his headed on His dog, Pet.
Jacob lay his headed on Pet's toy frog.
Hitting his elbow made Jacob feel sleepy.
Washing his hands made Jacob feel sleepy.
Seeing a robin made Jacob feel sleepy.
The cool breeze and the warm sun made Jacob feel sleepy.
Natalie ask to took home giraffe.
Natalie ask to took home elephant.
Natalie ask to took home penguin.
Natalie ask to took home crocodile.
Logan liked the giraffe because it looked funny and had spots.
Logan liked the giraffe because it jumped up and down.
Logan liked the giraffe because it pounded its chest and roared.
Logan liked the giraffe because it looked tough.
Natalie's favorite animal was elephant.
Natalie's favorite animal was penguin.
Natalie's favorite animal was gorilla.
Natalie's favorite animal was crocodile.
the little girl's was name in the story Logan.
the little girl's was name in the story Jared.
the little girl's was name in the story Tim.
the little girl's was name in the story Natalie.
birthday is in The cherry candy store.
birthday is in The shirt store.
birthday is in The yogurt store.
birthday is in The shoe store.
Ted looked at in the closet Yogurt spoons.
Ted looked at in the closet Alphabet blocks.
Ted looked at in the closet Mirrors.
Ted looked at in the closet A shirt, pair of pants, and a pair of shoes.
the boys said to their father Ted and Paul told him that they wanted cherry yogurt.
the boys said to their father Ted said that he was ready for his birthday, and so did Paul.
the boys said to their father Ted and Paul said that they wanted pizza instead of yogurt.
the boys said to their father Ted and Paul said that they would be four years old.
Ted happy about was He got a new mirror.
Ted happy about was His birthday is tomorrow.
Ted happy about was He got a new pair of shoes.
Ted happy about was He got some cherry candy.
the boys get to used the swings on The boys did not want to use the swings.
the boys get to used the swings on When they got to the park.
the boys get to used the swings on After Anne and Susan.
the boys get to used the swings on When they pushed Anne and Susan off of them.
Bill and Steve went to the park.
Anne and Susan went to the park.
Susan and Bill went to the park.
Bill and Anne went to the park.
 Did Anne and Susan let the boys use the swings No, they did not.
 Did Anne and Susan let the boys use the swings They let the boys use the swings when Bill traded them his bike.
 Did Anne and Susan let the boys use the swings The girls were not on the swings.
 Did Anne and Susan let the boys use the swings They got off the swings and let the boys use them.
the boys first played with at the park The swings.
the boys first played with at the park Anne and Susan.
the boys first played with at the park Their bikes.
the boys first played with at the park The slide.
Kira doing when she was was stuck in bed Eating crackers and watching TV.
Kira doing when she was was stuck in bed Drawing.
Kira doing when she was was stuck in bed Watching a movie.
Kira doing when she was was stuck in bed Writing and watching TV.
Kira's friends' names are Lexie and Jamie.
Kira's friends' names are Lana and Jackie.
Kira's friends' names are Lexie and Jimmy.
Kira's friends' names are Lauren and Jamie.
Kira want to did where Play games; the town fair.
Kira want to did where Paint pumpkins; the town fair.
Kira want to did where Play games; the circus.
Kira want to did where Paint pumpkins; the circus.
Summer time of year was it.
Spring time of year was it.
Winter time of year was it.
Fall time of year was it.
not one of the activities the family is did at the beach Go swimming.
not one of the activities the family is did at the beach Do some reading.
not one of the activities the family is did at the beach Play in the sand.
not one of the activities the family is did at the beach Meet some new families.
the main character's was name Janet.
the main character's was name Lauren.
the main character's was name Karen.
the main character's was name Matthew.
Van type of vehicledoes the family have.
Airplane type of vehicledoes the family have.
Car type of vehicledoes the family have.
Truck type of vehicledoes the family have.
woken was up Birds chirping.
woken was up The sun beating down on a window.
woken was up A phone call by her friends making sure they were still going out later in the day.
woken was up An alarm clock going off.
Tim saw John crying and told Ms. Tammy.
Susan saw John crying and told Ms. Tammy.
John saw John crying and told Ms. Tammy.
Ms. Tammy saw John crying and told Ms. Tammy.
John was on the slide in the beginning.
Tim was on the slide in the beginning.
Susan was on the slide in the beginning.
Ms. Tammy was on the slide in the beginning.
Tim and Ms. Tammy ended up taking turns on the slide.
John and Susan ended up taking turns on the slide.
John and Tim ended up taking turns on the slide.
Tim and Susan ended up taking turns on the slide.
Susan was playing on the swing.
Tim was playing on the swing.
John was playing on the swing.
Ms. Tammy was playing on the swing.
the cat chased last A chipmunk.
the cat chased last A tree.
the cat chased last A cat.
the cat chased last A bird.
It chased a chipmunk happened after the cat jumped off the branch.
It got hurt happened after the cat jumped off the branch.
It chased a bird happened after the cat jumped off the branch.
It went under the deck happened after the cat jumped off the branch.
the cat go after it gave uped in Under a deck.
the cat go after it gave uped in Up a tree.
the cat go after it gave uped in In a house.
the cat go after it gave uped in On the ground.
the cat climb or try to climbed Four trees.
the cat climb or try to climbed Two trees.
the cat climb or try to climbed One trees.
the cat climb or try to climbed Three trees.
they went to the park because To watch a wedding.
they went to the park because To throw rocks.
they went to the park because To play baseball.
they went to the park because To play in the pond.
The melon hit Bob happened when Shelly threw the melon.
Bob hit the melon with the bat. The melon blew up happened when Shelly threw the melon.
Bob hit a home run with the melon happened when Shelly threw the melon.
Bob swung and missed happened when Shelly threw the melon.
Bob was Bob was a horse.
Bob was Bob was a baseball.
Bob was Bob was a cat.
Bob was Bob was a lamb.
Bob hit a melon with a baseball bated because Bob liked hitting melons more than baseballs.
Bob hit a melon with a baseball bated because He and his friends wanted to play baseball. They wanted to play baseball. Lucy forgot the ball. They looked around and couldn't find anything better.
Bob hit a melon with a baseball bated because Shelly and Lucy dared him to do it.
Bob hit a melon with a baseball bated because They wanted to mess up the wedding.
there so many people in the store because Because people were shopping.
there so many people in the store because Because it was Saturday.
there so many people in the store because Because it was noon.
there so many people in the store because Because it was going to rain later.
 Was Mary happy with the cake No, she was sad.
 Was Mary happy with the cake Yes.
 Was Mary happy with the cake No, she was angry.
 Was Mary happy with the cake No, she was upset.
Mary's mother surprised her with A cake she had baked.
Mary's mother surprised her with A book.
Mary's mother surprised her with Candy.
Mary's mother surprised her with A toy.
Mary did with the cake Nothing. She had to go to bed.
Mary did with the cake She looked at it.
Mary did with the cake She ate it.
Mary did with the cake She couldn't make up her mind.
Bob's fourth class of the day was Gym.
Bob's fourth class of the day was Math.
Bob's fourth class of the day was Arts and Crafts.
Bob's fourth class of the day was English.
Bob read about in English class Dog and his friend.
Bob read about in English class Dog and the girl.
Bob read about in English class Bird and the boy.
Bob read about in English class Lady and the kitty.
Bob went to school in Monday.
Bob went to school in Thursday.
Bob went to school in Wednesday.
Bob went to school in Tuesday.
Bob did in gym class Played basketball.
Bob did in gym class Played soccer.
Bob did in gym class Played kickball.
Bob did in gym class Ran around the track and played baseball.
Bird type of pet did the boy want.
Fish type of pet did the boy want.
Dog type of pet did the boy want.
Hamster type of pet did the boy want.
New York statedoes the boy live in.
California statedoes the boy live in.
Georgia statedoes the boy live in.
Florida statedoes the boy live in.
the boy want to named the puppy Spike.
the boy want to named the puppy Sam.
the boy want to named the puppy Rick.
the boy want to named the puppy Dan.
time is in At the park.
time is in Outside.
time is in Inside.
time is in At school.
Joedo when his mother did called him Joe asked, "Is it time for dinner?".
Joedo when his mother did called him Joe read his book.
Joedo when his mother did called him Joe said, "It is time for dinner.".
Joedo when his mother did called him Joe closed the book, and went downstairs.
Joe's mother called him because Joe was having too much fun reading the book.
Joe's mother called him because Joe had finished reading the book.
Joe's mother called him because He asked his mother, "Do you need something?" It was time for dinner.
Joe's mother called him because Joe's mother wanted to read the book.
Joe had fun reading the book because Joe was reading in his bedroom.
Joe had fun reading the book because Joe was reading before dinner.
Joe had fun reading the book because His mother wanted him to read the book.
Joe had fun reading the book because He liked to imagine himself swimming with the fish he read about.
Joe reading a book because He was reading a book that his teacher gave him.
Joe reading a book because He was interested in learning more about fish.
Joe reading a book because It was time for dinner.
Joe reading a book because The book was about fish.
Martin and Mark sat near Matt because They arrived late to class and other seats were filled.
Martin and Mark sat near Matt because The class was placed in alphabetical order.
Martin and Mark sat near Matt because The boys had to sit with other boys and girls with other girls.
Martin and Mark sat near Matt because They all had names that sounded alike.
not a student's is name in Matt's class Linda.
not a student's is name in Matt's class Jason.
not a student's is name in Matt's class Frank.
not a student's is name in Matt's class Sally.
Matt not want to start the sixth graded because He wanted to take the bus, but his mom drove him.
Matt not want to start the sixth graded because He had to go to a new school after he moved across town.
Matt not want to start the sixth graded because He didn't like his teacher.
Matt not want to start the sixth graded because He didn't want to leave elementary school.
together on the first day of sixth grade See each other outside of school.
together on the first day of sixth grade Sit together in class.
together on the first day of sixth grade Play during recess.
together on the first day of sixth grade Eat lunch in the lunch room.
he fished Until the evening.
he fished Until the next day.
he fished For three hours.
he fished Until the afternoon.
he caught A pole.
he caught Worms.
he caught Nothing.
he caught Fish.
the man fished in At home.
the man fished in Out at sea.
the man fished in At the shore.
the man fished in The sky.
he did in the evening Went home.
he did in the evening Kept fishing.
he did in the evening Gave up.
he did in the evening Had dinner.
the doctor write a lot of notes downed because To tell the nurse more about Sam's accident.
the doctor write a lot of notes downed because The doctor wrote no notes.
the doctor write a lot of notes downed because To tell Sam's mother about his knee.
the doctor write a lot of notes downed because To tell Sam what to do about his knee.
the nurse NOT did to Sam before the doctor came measured his height.
the nurse NOT did to Sam before the doctor came asked him questions about food.
the nurse NOT did to Sam before the doctor came gave him medicine.
the nurse NOT did to Sam before the doctor came took his temperature.
yellow color was the lollipop that Sam ate.
red color was the lollipop that Sam ate.
green color was the lollipop that Sam ate.
purple color was the lollipop that Sam ate.
Sam doing before meeting the doctor was playing with blocks.
Sam doing before meeting the doctor was reading a magazine.
Sam doing before meeting the doctor was talking to his mother.
Sam doing before meeting the doctor was playing with friends.
couldn't he keep looking because he was upset.
couldn't he keep looking because he was in bed.
couldn't he keep looking because was late for school.
couldn't he keep looking because they were eating dinner.
his goldfish found the item.
Jimmy found the item.
mom found the item.
sister found the item.
the boy looking for was goldfish.
the boy looking for was his bed.
the boy looking for was backpack.
the boy looking for was his hat.
it was in his room.
it was in at school.
it was in next to his goldfish.
it was in on the hat rack.
Bill's mother and father helped Bill clean his room.
Just Bill's father helped Bill clean his room.
Bill didn't get any help helped Bill clean his room.
Just Bill's mother helped Bill clean his room.
Bill threw into the trash can Only two books.
Bill threw into the trash can He didn't throw away anything.
Bill threw into the trash can A broken phone, two books and some used crayons.
Bill threw into the trash can Only a broken phone.
Bill's mother carried the toys out to the car.
Bill's father and mother carried the toys out to the car.
Bill and his mother carried the toys out to the car.
Bill and his father carried the toys out to the car.
Bill gave a way Just a truck.
Bill gave a way A duck, a truck, a blanket and a push mower.
Bill gave a way Just a push mower.
Bill gave a way A duck and car.
Tony ran into Grandma.
Tony ran into People.
Tony ran into Table and cake.
Tony ran into His bike.
Tony was The story didn't say.
Tony was Almost 8.
Tony was 8.
Tony was 7.
We don't know Tony's birthday had Tony's birthday on it.
The bike had Tony's birthday on it.
The candles had Tony's birthday on it.
His hat and cake had Tony's birthday on it.
The people gave Tony the bike.
Grandma gave Tony the bike.
Tony gave Tony the bike.
Daddy gave Tony the bike.
Curtis want to were someday An animal doctor.
Curtis want to were someday A family farmer.
Curtis want to were someday An animal nurse.
Curtis want to were someday A family doctor.
Curtis checked on Bonnie the pony Her teeth, nose, heart, legs and saddle.
Curtis checked on Bonnie the pony Her eyes, mouth, heart, legs and tail.
Curtis checked on Bonnie the pony Her eyes, mouth, saddle, and tail.
Curtis checked on Bonnie the pony Her legs, tail, eyes and medicine.
live is in In the barn.
live is in On a small farm.
live is in In the town.
live is in On a large farm.
the animal doctor did for Bonnie the pony Gave her some medicine and checked her eyes and mouth.
the animal doctor did for Bonnie the pony Gave her some apples and put her to bed.
the animal doctor did for Bonnie the pony Gave her some bacon and checked her mouth.
the animal doctor did for Bonnie the pony Gave her some medicine and checked her legs and tail.
A slide was built on the tree.
A tree house was built on the tree.
A jungle gym was built on the tree.
A swing was built on the tree.
the children get help to build the tree housed They asked their parents and teachers.
the children get help to build the tree housed They went to the store and bought wood.
the children get help to build the tree housed They asked their parents and their parents to build it and get the wood.
the children get help to build the tree housed They cut down parts of the tree and used them as wood.
at the park for the children to was play with a tree and a sand pit.
at the park for the children to was play with a tree and a flag pole.
at the park for the children to was play with a jungle gym and a basketball hoop.
at the park for the children to was play with A jungle gym and tree.
fifteen years passed since the first kid's played in the park.
ten years passed since the first kid's played in the park.
eight years passed since the first kid's played in the park.
fifty years passed since the first kid's played in the park.
Jane liked the most Wooden cow.
Jane liked the most Clock.
Jane liked the most Car.
Jane liked the most Giant sock.
Bird type of animal was Jane.
Dog type of animal was Jane.
Cat type of animal was Jane.
Snake type of animal was Jane.
Jane's favorite thing to wasdo Looking for things to eat.
Jane's favorite thing to wasdo Chewing on her giant sock.
Jane's favorite thing to wasdo Being active.
Jane's favorite thing to wasdo Barking at the birds.
Deer type animal did Jane try and catch often.
Cat type animal did Jane try and catch often.
Snake type animal did Jane try and catch often.
Birds type animal did Jane try and catch often.
Marydo when she did got a tickle in her throat She called out.
Marydo when she did got a tickle in her throat She cheered.
Marydo when she did got a tickle in her throat She coughed.
Marydo when she did got a tickle in her throat She sang.
Mary finished reading the story.
Mrs. Harper finished reading the story.
Henry finished reading the story.
Josie finished reading the story.
in the garden that Mrs. Harper was showed the class Bugs.
in the garden that Mrs. Harper was showed the class Grasshoppers.
in the garden that Mrs. Harper was showed the class Birds.
in the garden that Mrs. Harper was showed the class Butterflies.
Water was kept in the refrigerator.
Vanilla yoghurt was kept in the refrigerator.
Apples was kept in the refrigerator.
Turkey sandwiches was kept in the refrigerator.
John's favorite is type of toothpaste Mint.
John's favorite is type of toothpaste Cinnamon.
John's favorite is type of toothpaste Fruit.
John's favorite is type of toothpaste Unflavored.
it is on Monday.
it is on Friday.
it is on Wednesday.
it is on Tuesday.
He wins the race happens when John stays in the tub too long.
His mother yells at him happens when John stays in the tub too long.
Nothing happens when John stays in the tub too long.
He falls asleep happens when John stays in the tub too long.
John pretend to bes when he's in the tub a boy.
John pretend to bes when he's in the tub a puppy.
John pretend to bes when he's in the tub a sailboat racer.
John pretend to bes when he's in the tub a boat.
Tom went to live with Tabby.
Tom went to live with Moon.
Tom went to live with Tiger.
Tom went to live with Leon.
Forest was Tabby's favorite nephew.
Tom was Tabby's favorite nephew.
Tiger was Tabby's favorite nephew.
Leon was Tabby's favorite nephew.
Tiger went without Tom in Moon.
Tiger went without Tom in Mountains.
Tiger went without Tom in Forest.
Tiger went without Tom in Ocean.
Tiger's brother's was name Leon.
Tiger's brother's was name Moon.
Tiger's brother's was name Tom.
Tiger's brother's was name Tabby.
the person feel when he saw that the dog did was very skinny He felt bad.
the person feel when he saw that the dog did was very skinny He felt happy.
the person feel when he saw that the dog did was very skinny He felt angry.
the person feel when he saw that the dog did was very skinny He was surprised.
the dog looking for was Toys.
the dog looking for was The trashcan.
the dog looking for was A friend.
the dog looking for was He was trying to find food.
the dogdo after he did licked the man's face He barked at him.
the dogdo after he did licked the man's face He ran off.
the dogdo after he did licked the man's face The dog laid down on the blanket and took a long nap.
the dogdo after he did licked the man's face He looked for more food.
the man bought for the dog He bought toys.
the man bought for the dog Those things included some dog food, water and a blanket.
the man bought for the dog He bought a bed.
the man bought for the dog He bought himself some snacks.
Jim's boot frozen because He left it outside.
Jim's boot frozen because It was wetter on Tuesday.
Jim's boot frozen because He rode to the lake.
Jim's boot frozen because The path to the lake was long and winding.
Jim rode his bike to the lake on Monday.
Jim rode his bike to the lake on Friday.
Jim rode his bike to the lake on Tuesday.
Jim rode his bike to the lake on Sunday.
Jim take outed of the refrigerator milk.
Jim take outed of the refrigerator candy bar.
Jim take outed of the refrigerator yogurt.
Jim take outed of the refrigerator cup.
the lake facing was the bike.
the lake facing was Jim.
the lake facing was the boot.
the lake facing was the tree.
A frog was Isaac.
A snow man was Isaac.
An elf was Isaac.
Santa's son was Isaac.
Isaac's was job To be friends with an elf.
Isaac's was job To build toys.
Isaac's was job To meet Santa.
Isaac's was job To bake cakes.
Isaac give Joe to kept quiet A toy.
Isaac give Joe to kept quiet Shoes.
Isaac give Joe to kept quiet A hat.
Isaac give Joe to kept quiet A cake.
Isaac lived in In the toy factory.
Isaac lived in In the north pole.
Isaac lived in In the south pole.
Isaac lived in In Santa's house.
Jane went down the slide first.
Josh went down the slide first.
Josh and Jane went down the slide first.
Lisa went down the slide first.
Lisa, Jane, and Josh was at the park.
Lisa, Matt, and Josh was at the park.
Lisa and Jane was at the park.
Jane and Josh was at the park.
the last thing Lisa, Jane, and Josh was did at the park Ate cupcakes.
the last thing Lisa, Jane, and Josh was did at the park Swung on the swings.
the last thing Lisa, Jane, and Josh was did at the park Slid down a slide.
the last thing Lisa, Jane, and Josh was did at the park Ate a sandwich.
Lisa and Jane brought with them to the park to eat Only sandwiches, chips, and cupcakes.
Lisa and Jane brought with them to the park to eat Only cupcakes.
Lisa and Jane brought with them to the park to eat Only cupcakes and chips.
Lisa and Jane brought with them to the park to eat Only sandwiches.
the other boy's was name Mike.
the other boy's was name Molly.
the other boy's was name Michelle.
the other boy's was name Anthony.
Anthony's sister's was name Molly.
Anthony's sister's was name Mike.
Anthony's sister's was name Carrie.
Anthony's sister's was name Michelle.
white down Michelle.
red down Michelle.
black down Michelle.
brown down Michelle.
there were two dogs.
there were one dogs.
there were three dogs.
there were five dogs.
Allie carried with her as part of her costume Eggs.
Allie carried with her as part of her costume Carrots.
Allie carried with her as part of her costume Spinach.
Allie carried with her as part of her costume Candied apples.
Black color was Grace's dress.
Pink color was Grace's dress.
White color was Grace's dress.
Silver color was Grace's dress.
Allie use to carried the candy she got A tall hat.
Allie use to carried the candy she got A purse.
Allie use to carried the candy she got A basket.
Allie use to carried the candy she got An old pillow case.
Monster costume did Allie choose.
Witch costume did Allie choose.
Angel costume did Allie choose.
Rabbit costume did Allie choose.
brown and yellow color was the van and the tree house.
yellow and dark blue color was the van and the tree house.
white and white color was the van and the tree house.
dark blue and dark blue color was the van and the tree house.
the boys in the beginning of the story, called Josh and Alex.
the boys in the beginning of the story, called Jacob and Joe.
the boys in the beginning of the story, called Joe and Nate.
the boys in the beginning of the story, called Jacob and Alex.
Alex is the youngest boy in the new family.
Jacob is the youngest boy in the new family.
Nate is the youngest boy in the new family.
Josh is the youngest boy in the new family.
Go Fish want to play.
Board Games want to play.
Old Maid want to play.
Team games like football and baseball want to play.
she read about in the magazine That eating rice and noodles helped beans to help Millie not feel hungry.
she read about in the magazine Both C) and D).
she read about in the magazine That it was okay to have a little meat and then go back to eating her veggies.
she read about in the magazine That not eating meat was bad for her.
Millie think she felted hungry because Because she ate beans and noodles.
Millie think she felted hungry because Because she gave it another try.
Millie think she felted hungry because Because she changed her meal plan slowly.
Millie think she felted hungry because Because it might not be good for her to stop eating meat.
Millie thought after reading the magazine She wasn't sure it would work, but she wanted to give it another try.
Millie thought after reading the magazine She felt really hungry.
Millie thought after reading the magazine She wanted to go to the library.
Millie thought after reading the magazine She wondered if there was anything she could do to feel better without eating meat.
Millie found at the library A magazine.
Millie found at the library Beans.
Millie found at the library A better job.
Millie found at the library Rice and noodles.
the bunny's is name Lisa.
the bunny's is name Snowy.
the bunny's is name Floppy.
the bunny's is name Chomper.
Chomper look like because Chomper is grey.
Chomper look like because Chomper is white.
Chomper look like because Chomper is white with white ears.
Chomper look like because Chomper has white fur, black eyes, and large floppy grey ears.
Chomperdo when Lisa tries to kisses him? Why Chomper is too big.
Chomperdo when Lisa tries to kisses him? Why Chomper hates Lisa.
Chomperdo when Lisa tries to kisses him? Why Chomper runs away from Lisa because he thinks Lisa is trying to steal his treats.
Chomperdo when Lisa tries to kisses him? Why Chomper wants Lisa's treats.
Lisa chose A cat.
Lisa chose A goldfish.
Lisa chose A dog.
Lisa chose A bunny.
Joe borrowed 2 small trucks.
Joe borrowed 1 small trucks.
Joe borrowed 4 small trucks.
Joe borrowed 3 small trucks.
Joe visited 4 locations of the shipping company.
Joe visited 2 locations of the shipping company.
Joe visited 3 locations of the shipping company.
Joe visited 1 locations of the shipping company.
the worst part about using the shipping was company It was more work than using a normal moving company.
the worst part about using the shipping was company It was more expensive than other choices.
the worst part about using the shipping was company Joe had to drive to his new house.
the worst part about using the shipping was company Joe flew to his new town.
Joe use the shipping company instead of a normal moving companied because He wanted to move in his own vehicle.
Joe use the shipping company instead of a normal moving companied because He wanted to save money.
Joe use the shipping company instead of a normal moving companied because His friend told him to do it.
Joe use the shipping company instead of a normal moving companied because He wanted to use a whole trailer to ship his things.
to try and get attention Clean the sink.
to try and get attention Suck his thumb.
to try and get attention Sweep the floor.
to try and get attention Do the washing.
Susie was the biggest spider.
Steve was the biggest spider.
Stewart was the biggest spider.
Sally was the biggest spider.
Sally was the smallest spider.
Susie was the smallest spider.
Steve was the smallest spider.
Stewart was the smallest spider.
Sally's father's was name Sally.
Sally's father's was name Susie.
Sally's father's was name Stewart.
Sally's father's was name Steve.
the driver put the toothpaste backed because It had a scary alligator on it.
the driver put the toothpaste backed because He didn't have a toothbrush.
the driver put the toothpaste backed because It was taped shut.
the driver put the toothpaste backed because It tasted like pumpkin and he didn't like the flavor.
Happy eating was A pumpkin.
Happy eating was A brownie.
Happy eating was A sandwich.
Happy eating was Popcorn.
the driver borrowed from Happy A plastic alligator.
the driver borrowed from Happy A pumpkin.
the driver borrowed from Happy Tape.
the driver borrowed from Happy Toothpaste.
Happy did in his act Sing in the wrong key and wrestle plastic alligators.
Happy did in his act Juggle pumpkins and throw popcorn.
Happy did in his act Put tape over the mouth of the driver so he couldn't brush his teeth.
Happy did in his act Brush the teeth of alligators and cats.
Janet use to cut Clarice's hair A mirror.
Janet use to cut Clarice's hair A shoe.
Janet use to cut Clarice's hair Scissors.
Janet use to cut Clarice's hair A castle.
Clarice hit with the shoe Jenny.
Clarice hit with the shoe Tammy.
Clarice hit with the shoe Harold.
Clarice hit with the shoe Janet.
name of the princess was Clarice.
name of the princess was Jenny.
name of the princess was Tammy.
name of the princess was Janet.
Jenny threw a shoe at Janet.
Tammy threw a shoe at Janet.
Clarice threw a shoe at Janet.
Harold threw a shoe at Janet.
Angelica in a rush because she wanted to play on her brother's seesaw.
Angelica in a rush because she wanted to get to a new phone before anyone else.
Angelica in a rush because she wanted to get a new car.
Angelica in a rush because she wanted to greet her grandmother.
Angelica wake uped early to get a phone.
Angelica wake uped early to get a brush.
Angelica wake uped early to get a seesaw.
Angelica wake uped early to get a car.
Angelica ran into on her way down the stairs her father.
Angelica ran into on her way down the stairs her friend.
Angelica ran into on her way down the stairs her mother.
Angelica ran into on her way down the stairs her grandmother.
Angelica happy the grass was wet because she wanted to see her grandmother.
Angelica happy the grass was wet because It meant she was up early enough to get a new phone.
Angelica happy the grass was wet because she likes wet grass.
Angelica happy the grass was wet because she loves watching the sun rise.
Only one of Daddy bird's babies had a long tail feather.
None of them of Daddy bird's babies had a long tail feather.
Many of them of Daddy bird's babies had a long tail feather.
All of them of Daddy bird's babies had a long tail feather.
special about Daddy was bird He had a long tail feather.
special about Daddy was bird He could sing pretty songs.
special about Daddy was bird He had long legs.
special about Daddy was bird He had many colors.
one of Daddy bird's tricks was He could play basketball.
one of Daddy bird's tricks was He could fly in circles.
one of Daddy bird's tricks was He could sing happy birthday.
one of Daddy bird's tricks was He could fly very high.
A yellow house color house did Daddy bird live at.
A red house color house did Daddy bird live at.
A green house color house did Daddy bird live at.
A blue house color house did Daddy bird live at.
the main boy's was name in the story Pete.
the main boy's was name in the story Amy.
the main boy's was name in the story Jeff.
the main boy's was name in the story David.
David make outed of paper ball.
David make outed of paper doll.
David make outed of paper heart.
David make outed of paper plane.
Amy is head did the paper plane land on.
teacher is head did the paper plane land on.
David is head did the paper plane land on.
Pete is head did the paper plane land on.
Amy's mother gave her on the plane book.
Amy's mother gave her on the plane paper plane.
Amy's mother gave her on the plane doll.
Amy's mother gave her on the plane sweater.
the race car's is name Rory.
the race car's is name Yellow.
the race car's is name Rudy.
the race car's is name Car.
Rory is no longer Rudy's friend happens after the race.
Rudy speeds away happens after the race.
Rory crashes into the wall happens after the race.
Rudy pulls Rory to the shop and she gets her tire fixed happens after the race.
the race was Yellow laps.
the race was One laps.
the race was Five laps.
the race was Ten laps.
Rudy won the race happened during the race.
Rory's tire was falling off and Rudy stopped to help her happened during the race.
Rory won the race happened during the race.
Rudy crashed happened during the race.
Thomas packed in his bag Toys.
Thomas packed in his bag He packed his blanket, two shirts, and two pairs of pants.
Thomas packed in his bag Five dollars.
Thomas packed in his bag Books.
Thomas's grandmother lives in In North Carolina.
Thomas's grandmother lives in In a bag.
Thomas's grandmother lives in She lives in Georgia.
Thomas's grandmother lives in In a train.
Thomas got Chocolate pudding.
Thomas got Vanilla pudding.
Thomas got A blanket.
Thomas got Strawberry pudding.
Thomas took the train because To look at snacks.
Thomas took the train because To visit his grandmother.
Thomas took the train because To get a strawberry pudding.
Thomas took the train because To pack a bag.
Harry escaped He escaped on a Wednesday.
Harry escaped He escaped on a Tuesday.
Harry escaped He escaped on a Thursday.
Harry escaped He escaped on the weekend.
Harry want to leave his housed because He didn't like his master.
Harry want to leave his housed because He wanted to leave his house so he could feel the rain and eat wild seeds. He also wanted to be free.
Harry want to leave his housed because He didn't like his cage.
Harry want to leave his housed because He wanted to find a friend.
Harry get outed the door He went out the doggy door.
Harry get outed the door He never got out the door.
Harry get outed the door He broke the door down.
Harry get outed the door The master left the door open.
Harry escaped in Summer.
Harry escaped in Winter.
Harry escaped in Spring.
Harry escaped in Fall.
Fred was the youngest in the house.
Mom was the youngest in the house.
Dad was the youngest in the house.
Sarah was the youngest in the house.
the dog's is name Fred.
the dog's is name Sarah.
the dog's is name Bruno.
the dog's is name Smith.
Bruno belonged to Sarah.
Bruno belonged to Bruno.
Bruno belonged to Fred.
Bruno belonged to The Smiths.
Breakfast scared Sarah.
Fred scared Sarah.
School scared Sarah.
The Storm scared Sarah.
I bought my mom flowers on Saturday.
I bought my mom flowers on Sunday.
I bought my mom flowers on Mother's Day.
I bought my mom flowers on Monday.
my wife ate muffin.
my wife ate toast.
my wife ate eggs.
my wife ate pancakes.
we eat breakfasted in home.
we eat breakfasted in Denny's.
we eat breakfasted in Maggie's.
we eat breakfasted in diner.
pancakes made me sick.
eggs made me sick.
Muffin made me sick.
toast made me sick.
Bob went to the store because He wanted to buy a new picture for his house.
Bob went to the store because He was hungry but did not want to eat what was in his fridge.
Bob went to the store because He wanted to buy groceries for his fridge.
Bob went to the store because He only wanted to buy some candy.
Bob had in his fridge Some pancakes.
Bob had in his fridge Candy.
Bob had in his fridge A sandwich.
Bob had in his fridge Pancakes, a sandwich, and candy.
Bob bought at the store Just a sandwich.
Bob bought at the store A picture of a cat and a sandwich.
Bob bought at the store Pancakes and a sandwich.
Bob bought at the store A sandwich and some candy.
on the picture on the wall inside the store was A brown cat.
on the picture on the wall inside the store was A box of candy.
on the picture on the wall inside the store was A pancake.
on the picture on the wall inside the store was A sandwich.
NOT at the bake sale was Vanilla cupcakes.
NOT at the bake sale was Chocolate chip cookies.
NOT at the bake sale was Chocolate fudge.
NOT at the bake sale was Brownies.
Miss Holly forgot to buy Forks.
Miss Holly forgot to buy Plates.
Miss Holly forgot to buy Spoons.
Miss Holly forgot to buy Napkins.
the bake sale was on Thursday.
the bake sale was on Friday.
the bake sale was on Tuesday.
the bake sale was on Monday.
they had a bake sale because To buy new tables and chairs.
they had a bake sale because To have a pizza party.
they had a bake sale because Because they wanted to eat brownies.
they had a bake sale because To raise money for a field trip.
not plays soccer Carrots.
not plays soccer Celery.
not plays soccer Raspberries.
not plays soccer Spoons.
Forks dances on tables.
Raspberries dances on tables.
Spoons dances on tables.
Blueberries dances on tables.
Susan is told he is imagining things.
Kim is told he is imagining things.
Ryan is told he is imagining things.
John is told he is imagining things.
Bread often wins the swimming races.
Cereal often wins the swimming races.
Fruit often wins the swimming races.
Vegetables often wins the swimming races.
name of the elf was Boo.
name of the elf was Apple.
name of the elf was Miles.
name of the elf was Cracker.
name of the alligator was Cracker.
name of the alligator was Apple.
name of the alligator was Miles.
name of the alligator was Boo.
red color was the goldfish.
green color was the goldfish.
orange color was the goldfish.
blue color was the goldfish.
Boo found the goldfish in in his drink cup.
Boo found the goldfish in in the toilet.
Boo found the goldfish in in the fridge.
Boo found the goldfish in under his pillow.
the first and second time the bunny was come back on At night on the same day, and a week later.
the first and second time the bunny was come back on The bunny did not come back.
the first and second time the bunny was come back on At night on the same day and the next night.
the first and second time the bunny was come back on At night on the same day and never again.
they get rid of the bunny the second timed They trapped it in a trashcan.
they get rid of the bunny the second timed They glued it stuck then threw it to space with a magic glove.
they get rid of the bunny the second timed They dug a deep hole and trapped it in it.
they get rid of the bunny the second timed They sang badly to it until it ran away.
the bunny escaped It escaped by digging through the ground.
the bunny escaped Randan let it go after it ate too much food.
the bunny escaped It singed to Randan until she let it go.
the bunny escaped The accidentally got opened when it fell.
the bunny at first was size of a trashcan.
the bunny at first was size of a bear.
the bunny at first was million times bigger than Randan.
the bunny at first was small.
Tarwala poop on the mat because he fell on his stomach.
Tarwala poop on the mat because bright lights made him do it.
Tarwala poop on the mat because He ate chalk.
Tarwala poop on the mat because he thought he was in the bathroom.
Tarwala's dad's sock got magical He did not change it or wash his toes.
Tarwala's dad's sock got magical He took it to the zoo.
Tarwala's dad's sock got magical He rubbed lettuce on it.
Tarwala's dad's sock got magical He let a bright light shine on it.
hedo to everything that was in fronted of him broke it.
hedo to everything that was in fronted of him ate it.
hedo to everything that was in fronted of him made noises with it.
hedo to everything that was in fronted of him fixed it.
 Is Tarwala a boy or a girl boy.
 Is Tarwala a boy or a girl both.
 Is Tarwala a boy or a girl did not say.
 Is Tarwala a boy or a girl girl.
the bear followed fish.
the bear followed ducks.
the bear followed lions.
the bear followed frogs.
the young bear liked best raspberries.
the young bear liked best blueberries.
the young bear liked best strawberries.
the young bear liked best cherries.
the bear like to sat in In a clearing in the forest.
the bear like to sat in On the bank of the river near his cave.
the bear like to sat in In his cave.
the bear like to sat in Up in a tree.
During the night type of day did the bear's adventure happen on.
A sunny morning type of day did the bear's adventure happen on.
A rainy morning type of day did the bear's adventure happen on.
A sunny afternoon type of day did the bear's adventure happen on.
Steve and his parents were all the people going to eat.
Steve's parents were all the people going to eat.
Steve were all the people going to eat.
Steve, his parents, his aunt and his uncle were all the people going to eat.
Steve want to ate for dinner The curtain.
Steve want to ate for dinner Spaghetti and meatballs.
Steve want to ate for dinner He wasn't sure.
Steve want to ate for dinner Bread sticks.
Steve's mom tell him to slow downed because She couldn't keep up in the race.
Steve's mom tell him to slow downed because He was running to get inside the restaurant quicker.
Steve's mom tell him to slow downed because He was talking too fast.
Steve's mom tell him to slow downed because He was playing too rough with his uncle.
Steve going was in To a restaurant.
Steve going was in To his parents house.
Steve going was in To the table store.
Steve going was in To his aunt and uncles house.
the bear was like after the summer He was fat.
the bear was like after the summer He was tired.
the bear was like after the summer He was hot.
the bear was like after the summer He was skinny.
the bear wanted todo Go ice skating.
the bear wanted todo Hibernate.
the bear wanted todo Wait.
the bear wanted todo Go hunting.
the bear wanted to eat Winter.
the bear wanted to eat Ice.
the bear wanted to eat Berries.
the bear wanted to eat A seal.
the bear waiting for was The seals to come back.
the bear waiting for was The weather to get warm.
the bear waiting for was The hunters to come for him.
the bear waiting for was The ice to freeze.
Leah happy because It was a bright sunny day and she was going to see a dog.
Leah happy because It was a bright sunny day and she was going to play in the water.
Leah happy because Mommy was taking her to the play park to see a dog.
Leah happy because It was a bright sunny day and she was going to the park.
Leah went first in the park in the swing.
Leah went first in the park in the big slide.
Leah went first in the park in the dog's house.
Leah went first in the park in the water.
Leah's favorite was place Mommy's car.
Leah's favorite was place the dog's house.
Leah's favorite was place the play park.
Leah's favorite was place the water.
Leahdo when she sawed the dog She ran over and got mommy because she was scared of dogs.
Leahdo when she sawed the dog She screamed because she liked this nice dog.
Leahdo when she sawed the dog She climbed on the swing because she was scared of dogs.
Leahdo when she sawed the dog She screamed because she was scared of dogs.
Susie sad because Her brother wanted a turtle.
Susie sad because Her parents said she was ready for a pet.
Susie sad because Cats were grey.
Susie sad because She didn't think there were any pets for her.
Susie got A cat.
Susie got A turtle.
Susie got A pig.
Susie got A goldfish.
didn't Susie want a loud pet because She wanted it to make her laugh.
didn't Susie want a loud pet because She wanted to show it off.
didn't Susie want a loud pet because She didn't want it to wake her up early.
didn't Susie want a loud pet because She didn't want a cat.
the pet's was name George.
the pet's was name May.
the pet's was name Ms. Hammerstein.
the pet's was name Steve.
Bob doing in class was Thinking about lunch.
Bob doing in class was Thinking about climbing a tree.
Bob doing in class was Listening to the teacher.
Bob doing in class was Talking to a friend.
Bob's sister was the last student out of the classroom.
Sue was the last student out of the classroom.
Bob was the last student out of the classroom.
The teacher was the last student out of the classroom.
Bob loved to read His notes.
Bob loved to read His sister's books.
Bob loved to read Vocabulary words.
Bob loved to read Books people his age were reading.
Sue want to climbed the tree because To read a book.
Sue want to climbed the tree because To see what the yard looked like from above.
Sue want to climbed the tree because To do something boring.
Sue want to climbed the tree because To show how proud she is of her climbing.
Lana not have for breakfasted Coffee.
Lana not have for breakfasted Eggs.
Lana not have for breakfasted Toast.
Lana not have for breakfasted Sausage.
Lana spoke with on the phone Terry.
Lana spoke with on the phone John.
Lana spoke with on the phone Drake.
Lana spoke with on the phone Lana.
Drake and Lana spent their day doing Walking in the park.
Drake and Lana spent their day doing Going shopping.
Drake and Lana spent their day doing Talking on the telephone.
Drake and Lana spent their day doing Eating at a restaurant.
 Did Lana and Drake choose to meet another day Yes.
 Did Lana and Drake choose to meet another day It was not stated.
 Did Lana and Drake choose to meet another day Maybe.
 Did Lana and Drake choose to meet another day No.
Orange color cat did Jeremy want to get.
Yellow color cat did Jeremy want to get.
Blue color cat did Jeremy want to get.
Black color cat did Jeremy want to get.
Jeremy found the cat in Under the porch.
Jeremy found the cat in In his friend's front yard.
Jeremy found the cat in By the garbage can.
Jeremy found the cat in In the street.
Jeremy happy when he caught the new cat because He always wanted a blue cat.
Jeremy happy when he caught the new cat because The cat lived with him.
Jeremy happy when he caught the new cat because He was its favorite person.
Jeremy happy when he caught the new cat because He had a new friend to play with.
Black color is the cat that Jeremy found.
Blue color is the cat that Jeremy found.
Yellow color is the cat that Jeremy found.
Orange color is the cat that Jeremy found.
 Did the group win the game Yes, by using a bunch of leaves.
 Did the group win the game Yes, they won.
 Did the group win the game No, they did not win because they cheated.
 Did the group win the game There was no game.
Cub Scouts was the camp for.
A group not named was the camp for.
Boy Scouts was the camp for.
Girl Scouts was the camp for.
you won the fire making game By burning a string a few feet above the ground.
you won the fire making game By lighting a fire.
you won the fire making game By boiling some water.
you won the fire making game By making the biggest fire.
Making a teepee is talked about in the story.
Fire making is talked about in the story.
Tying a string is talked about in the story.
Rowing is talked about in the story.
Clucks won the football game.
Gobblers won the football game.
Lizard won the football game.
None of the above won the football game.
Tim's parents get mad at him doing Watching football.
Tim's parents get mad at him doing Cheating on a test.
Tim's parents get mad at him doing Riding his bicycle.
Tim's parents get mad at him doing Licking the corn.
The other team was named Turkeys.
The other team was named Gobblers.
The other team was named Chickens.
The other team was named Clucks.
 Tim watched the football game with who Clucks.
 Tim watched the football game with who Parents.
 Tim watched the football game with who No one.
 Tim watched the football game with who Tony.
the was An hour girl lost for.
the was Months girl lost for.
the was She wasn't lost girl lost for.
the was Days girl lost for.
the wolf not like to ate humans because He was having some salad.
the wolf not like to ate humans because He was going to the grocery store.
the wolf not like to ate humans because He was lost and couldn't find any.
the wolf not like to ate humans because They tasted bad and he was full.
the girl get homed The wolf gave her a map and showed her the way out.
the girl get homed She followed a spaghetti trail out.
the girl get homed Her mother came and found her.
the girl get homed Someone at the grocery store showed her.
Grey color was the wolf's fur.
Black color was the wolf's fur.
He didn't have fur color was the wolf's fur.
White color was the wolf's fur.
Jake wore a cap.
Gordon wore a cap.
Kevin wore a cap.
Billy wore a cap.
Jake drinking was Pepsi.
Jake drinking was blue Gatorade.
Jake drinking was red Gatorade.
Jake drinking was water.
Billy and his friends going to were play soccer.
Billy and his friends going to were play baseball.
Billy and his friends going to were play kickball.
Billy and his friends going to were play Touch Football.
Summertime time of year did Billy love.
Spring time of year did Billy love.
Fall time of year did Billy love.
Winter time of year did Billy love.
John licked the worm because Ashley dared him to.
John licked the worm because He wanted to be an evil superhero.
John licked the worm because He had to for school.
John licked the worm because His mommy made him.
John did before meeting the evil superhero Ate his cereal and yoghurt.
John did before meeting the evil superhero Got on the bus to school.
John did before meeting the evil superhero Licked a worm.
John did before meeting the evil superhero Put a worm in Ashley's hair.
Mommy was a good superhero.
The worm was a good superhero.
John was a good superhero.
Ashley was a good superhero.
John get in troubled for Putting a worm in Ashley's hair.
John get in troubled for Missing the school bus.
John get in troubled for Not eating his cereal and yoghurt.
John get in troubled for Licking a worm.
Billy finds under the rock Beverly.
Billy finds under the rock lettuce.
Billy finds under the rock bunnies.
Billy finds under the rock a spoon.
Billy go homes in the story four times times.
Billy go homes in the story once times.
Billy go homes in the story twice times.
Billy go homes in the story three times times.
 Whose idea is it to use the spoon to dig around the rock Billy's.
 Whose idea is it to use the spoon to dig around the rock Judy's.
 Whose idea is it to use the spoon to dig around the rock Bunny's.
 Whose idea is it to use the spoon to dig around the rock Beverly's.
Beverly NOT doesdo in the story feed the bunnies lettuce.
Beverly NOT doesdo in the story eat grass.
Beverly NOT doesdo in the story help Billy move the rock.
Beverly NOT doesdo in the story follow Billy.
he not did at the pool make friends.
he not did at the pool football.
he not did at the pool basketball.
he not did at the pool play with toys.
the kid most like to did at the pool Hop into the pool.
the kid most like to did at the pool Football.
the kid most like to did at the pool Play with toys.
the kid most like to did at the pool Make friends.
his friend did the boy go to the pool with.
mom did the boy go to the pool with.
Grandma did the boy go to the pool with.
another kid did the boy go to the pool with.
he liked the pool because He could make friends and play football.
he liked the pool because He didn't like the pool much.
he liked the pool because He could play with toys.
he liked the pool because He could play with toys and make friends and play basketball.
Sally made today Fruit.
Sally made today Spaghetti with meat sauce.
Sally made today Fried rice.
Sally made today Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
Sally's table that she took her food to is in The kitchen.
Sally's table that she took her food to is in The store.
Sally's table that she took her food to is in Down the street.
Sally's table that she took her food to is in The dining room.
the water take to boils Four hundred seconds.
the water take to boils One seconds.
the water take to boils Ten seconds.
the water take to boils Six seconds.
Sallydo before she cuts ups the beef and puts it in the pan Boils the pasta.
Sallydo before she cuts ups the beef and puts it in the pan Adds the cooked pasta.
Sallydo before she cuts ups the beef and puts it in the pan Adds the seasoning.
Sallydo before she cuts ups the beef and puts it in the pan Cuts the tomatoes.
A puppy was not wished for in the story.
A bird was not wished for in the story.
A pink dress was not wished for in the story.
A bell was not wished for in the story.
Alice lost her wish.
Carla lost her wish.
Pedro lost her wish.
The girl in the pink dress lost her wish.
the magic item that can was give wishes A girl.
the magic item that can was give wishes A puppy.
the magic item that can was give wishes A bell.
the magic item that can was give wishes A genie.
White with black spots color was Pedro's puppy.
Brown with white spots color was Pedro's puppy.
Tan color was Pedro's puppy.
Black with brown and white spots color was Pedro's puppy.
Mother, aunt and cousin was Justin having dinner with.
His mother, father, and sister was Justin having dinner with.
Mother, father and brother was Justin having dinner with.
Father, mother and uncle was Justin having dinner with.
Melissa is 45.
Melissa is 7.
Melissa is 40.
Melissa is 10.
Justin is 40.
Justin is 7.
Justin is 45.
Justin is 10.
her friend's is meatloaf recipe did Justin's mother use.
Her mother's is meatloaf recipe did Justin's mother use.
her aunt's is meatloaf recipe did Justin's mother use.
her sister's is meatloaf recipe did Justin's mother use.
Anne love to wore in her hair Anne loved to wear ribbons in her hair.
Anne love to wore in her hair Anne loved to wear bows in her hair.
Anne love to wore in her hair Anne loved to wear clips in her hair.
Anne love to wore in her hair Anne loved to wear headbands in her hair.
Ann lived in Anne lived with her parents.
Ann lived in Anne lived with her grandma.
Ann lived in Anne lived with her favorite puppy.
Ann lived in Anne lived in a shoe.
the weather like on the day Anne Chose to was wear a headband It was a rainy day.
the weather like on the day Anne Chose to was wear a headband It was a windy day.
the weather like on the day Anne Chose to was wear a headband It was a hot day.
the weather like on the day Anne Chose to was wear a headband It was a cold day.
Joe was Anne's best friend was Anne's best friend.
Millisa was Anne's best friend was Anne's best friend.
Amy was Anne's best friend was Anne's best friend.
Beth was Anne's best friend was Anne's best friend.
Leah see her float on the water It was red and white and and the water was blue and the sky was sunny.
Leah see her float on the water Leah didn't see it because she was bored.
Leah see her float on the water The float was blue and the sky was sunny.
Leah see her float on the water Daddy told her.
Leah like for lunched with ketchup candy bears.
Leah like for lunched with ketchup bean sandwich.
Leah like for lunched with ketchup fish.
Leah like for lunched with ketchup fries.
Daddy put on the hook for Leah to got the fish grasshopper.
Daddy put on the hook for Leah to got the fish corn.
Daddy put on the hook for Leah to got the fish worm.
Daddy put on the hook for Leah to got the fish tiny fish.
Leah took with her for lunch fish and candy bears.
Leah took with her for lunch fish, fries with ketchup, and candy bears.
Leah took with her for lunch fries with ketchup, bean sandwich, candy bears.
Leah took with her for lunch fries with ketchup and a bean sandwich.
Leah saw riding their bikes 1 friends.
Leah saw riding their bikes 2 friends.
Leah saw riding their bikes 3 friends.
Leah saw riding their bikes 4 friends.
Leah got for her birthday New training wheels for her bike.
Leah got for her birthday A new bike with a basket and bell.
Leah got for her birthday A new bike with training wheels.
Leah got for her birthday A basket and a bell for her bike.
Her friends went with Leah when she learned to ride her bike.
Only Daddy went with Leah when she learned to ride her bike.
Her friends, Mommy, and Daddy went with Leah when she learned to ride her bike.
Mommy and Daddy went with Leah when she learned to ride her bike.
Leah's old bike have that did was not on the new bike a bell and a basket.
Leah's old bike have that did was not on the new bike training wheels.
Leah's old bike have that did was not on the new bike training wheels, a bell, and a basket.
Leah's old bike have that did was not on the new bike a basket and training wheels.
the hamster want to eat his lunches with A ceiling.
the hamster want to eat his lunches with The farmhouse.
the hamster want to eat his lunches with A fork.
the hamster want to eat his lunches with Piggy.
they have forks in In the lunch.
they have forks in In the farmhouse.
they have forks in On the stand.
they have forks in In the walls.
the hamster ran to in The ceiling.
the hamster ran to in The white walls.
the hamster ran to in The lunch in the center of the room.
the hamster ran to in The horse.
the hamster jump up to looks at Music.
the hamster jump up to looks at Lunch.
the hamster jump up to looks at Piggy.
the hamster jump up to looks at Walls.
he did in America We do not know!.
he did in America Drank some milk from a big cup.
he did in America Ate a tuna salad sandwich.
he did in America Talked with a cow on a farm.
John Bill Bob want to were in America.
John Bill Bob want to were in The Sea.
John Bill Bob want to were in Africa.
John Bill Bob want to were in Siberia.
John Bill Bob ran away from in Africa a cold winter.
John Bill Bob ran away from in Africa a ham and cheese sandwich.
John Bill Bob ran away from in Africa a tiger's growl.
John Bill Bob ran away from in Africa a cow's milk.
he rode in England a sandwich.
he rode in England a tiger.
he rode in England a boat.
he rode in England a horse.
the queen's favorite flavor was Chocolate.
the queen's favorite flavor was Caramel.
the queen's favorite flavor was Vanilla.
the queen's favorite flavor was Strawberry.
the new flavor was vanilla chocolate.
the new flavor was chocolate strawberry.
the new flavor was chocolate caramel.
the new flavor was vanilla strawberry.
the king not happy because Because he didn't like strawberry.
the king not happy because Because he liked vanilla.
the king not happy because Because he didn't like the queen's singing.
the king not happy because Because his favorite flavor didn't win.
the most people liked Strawberry.
the most people liked Caramel.
the most people liked Vanilla.
the most people liked Chocolate.
Sandra was in the Good Grades New York band.
Sandra was in the Matilda New York band.
Sandra was in the Thai New York band.
Sandra was in the The Black Triangles New York band.
the narrator sitting on was a school bench.
the narrator sitting on was a restaurant chair.
the narrator sitting on was a bus.
the narrator sitting on was a triangle.
the Triangle player was Matilda there to pick up.
Her grandson was Matilda there to pick up.
Sandra was Matilda there to pick up.
her granddaughter was Matilda there to pick up.
the Black Triangle trumpet player, called Thai.
the Black Triangle trumpet player, called York.
the Black Triangle trumpet player, called Matilda.
the Black Triangle trumpet player, called Sandra.
Ryan send to him that Mom did sewed on his jacket stars.
Ryan send to him that Mom did sewed on his jacket flag.
Ryan send to him that Mom did sewed on his jacket stripes.
Ryan send to him that Mom did sewed on his jacket letters.
it take Ryan to get backed to the Army 1 day days.
it take Ryan to get backed to the Army 6 days days.
it take Ryan to get backed to the Army 3 days days.
it take Ryan to get backed to the Army 4 days days.
Ryan was in the Army, how could they see his face when they missed him on mirror.
Ryan was in the Army, how could they see his face when they missed him on TV.
Ryan was in the Army, how could they see his face when they missed him on letters.
Ryan was in the Army, how could they see his face when they missed him on Skype.
Ryan left home to join Navy.
Ryan left home to join Army.
Ryan left home to join Air-Force.
Ryan left home to join Marines.
were hurt in Out of the forest.
were hurt in To get a cookie.
were hurt in To his brother Greg.
were hurt in To his mother.
Tony called Manny a liar because Manny said bears were bad.
Tony called Manny a liar because Manny shouted at Tony's mother.
Tony called Manny a liar because Manny ate Tony's cookie.
Tony called Manny a liar because Manny said he would hurt Tony's brother if they got into a fight.
Manny got that morning A frog.
Manny got that morning A cookie.
Manny got that morning A log.
Manny got that morning A bear.
name of the frog was Greg.
name of the frog was Manny.
name of the frog was Tony.
name of the frog was Dad.
the birthday cake was Chocolate.
the birthday cake was Vanilla.
the birthday cake was Sugar.
the birthday cake was Strawberry.
Julia was the birthday cake for.
Annie was the birthday cake for.
Sunny was the birthday cake for.
Mother was the birthday cake for.
Annie gave Sunny during Julia's party ice cream.
Annie gave Sunny during Julia's party cake.
Annie gave Sunny during Julia's party cocoa.
Annie gave Sunny during Julia's party strawberries.
Annie and her mothered make flour and sugar.
Annie and her mothered make cake and frosting.
Annie and her mothered make ice cream and strawberries.
Annie and her mothered make Julia and Sunny.
other doctors ask Mark questions because He knows more about some things than they do.
other doctors ask Mark questions because He is 30 years old, so the other doctors think he is old and wise.
other doctors ask Mark questions because Mark works with another doctor, so he has the skills of two people.
other doctors ask Mark questions because They ask him questions about basketball, because he plays it.
Mark works with seven nurses.
Mark works with two nurses.
Mark works with four nurses.
Mark works with 30 nurses.
10 years older than Mark is Jim.
7 years older than Mark is Jim.
4 years older than Mark is Jim.
25 years older than Mark is Jim.
the doctor that is five years younger than Mark, called Zeke.
the doctor that is five years younger than Mark, called Jim.
the doctor that is five years younger than Mark, called Mark.
the doctor that is five years younger than Mark, called Alice.
Mary's sister's was name Grace.
Mary's sister's was name Amy.
Mary's sister's was name Max.
Mary's sister's was name Melissa.
Max's sister's was name Mary.
Max's sister's was name Melissa.
Max's sister's was name Grace.
Max's sister's was name Amy.
Grace's was costume mummy.
Grace's was costume princess.
Grace's was costume doggy.
Grace's was costume zebra.
pink color was Grace's dress.
purple color was Grace's dress.
blue color was Grace's dress.
red color was Grace's dress.
The name of the horse was Steve.
The name of the horse was Bob.
The name of the horse was Horse.
The name of the horse was Friends.
Bob protected Snake.
Bob protected Cattle.
Bob protected Wolf.
Bob protected Coyote.
name of the cowboy was Bob.
name of the cowboy was Sun.
name of the cowboy was Steve.
name of the cowboy was Cattle.
Bob always felt Happy.
Bob always felt Scared.
Bob always felt Angry.
Bob always felt Sad.
Steve's favorite food was bananas.
Steve's favorite food was Fish.
Steve's favorite food was oranges.
Steve's favorite food was apples.
Bob was Steve's favorite helper.
Joe was Steve's favorite helper.
Apple was Steve's favorite helper.
Tim was Steve's favorite helper.
the penguin's was name Steve.
the penguin's was name Bob.
the penguin's was name Joe.
the penguin's was name Tim.
the penguin's favorite was time of the year summer.
the penguin's favorite was time of the year spring.
the penguin's favorite was time of the year winter.
the penguin's favorite was time of the year treat.
pear tree such as on the beach.
pine tree such as on the beach.
maple tree such as on the beach.
palm tree such as on the beach.
Steve rode north.
Steve rode west.
Steve rode east.
Steve rode south.
Steve left on the beach to dry his boots.
Steve left on the beach to dry his farm.
Steve left on the beach to dry his horse.
Steve left on the beach to dry his hat.
In Sunny were people wearing large coats and mittens.
In Silence were people wearing large coats and mittens.
In Raindrop were people wearing large coats and mittens.
In Ice were people wearing large coats and mittens.
Green color sneakers did Jake and his mom buy.
Blue color sneakers did Jake and his mom buy.
White color sneakers did Jake and his mom buy.
Yellow color sneakers did Jake and his mom buy.
Jake's shoes dripping because They were old.
Jake's shoes dripping because They were wet.
Jake's shoes dripping because He painted them as soon as he got home.
Jake's shoes dripping because He bought them that way.
Jake ate for lunch A hot dog and some fries.
Jake ate for lunch A cheeseburger and a drink.
Jake ate for lunch Nachos and a drink.
Jake ate for lunch A hamburger and some fries.
Green color shoes did Jake want.
Yellow color shoes did Jake want.
Red color shoes did Jake want.
Blue color shoes did Jake want.
Robert come to West Texas because Oil.
Robert come to West Texas because Restaurants.
Robert come to West Texas because Pump-Jacks.
Robert come to West Texas because Telephones.
a pump-jack is Warms up Oil.
a pump-jack is Pushes water.
a pump-jack is Pulls water out of the earth.
a pump-jack is A pump-jack is a machine that pulls Oil out of the Earth.
Steve's problem is Keeping his pump-jacks working.
Steve's problem is its too hot.
Steve's problem is finding Robert.
Steve's problem is finding broken pump-jacks.
According to the Story, Luck is plentiful in West Texas.
According to the Story, Oil is plentiful in West Texas.
According to the Story, Machines is plentiful in West Texas.
According to the Story, Restaurants is plentiful in West Texas.
Bill put in the ground A seed.
Bill put in the ground A blue ribbon.
Bill put in the ground A pumpkin.
Bill put in the ground Leaves.
Bill got the blue ribbon in In the garden.
Bill got the blue ribbon in At the store.
Bill got the blue ribbon in From his parents.
Bill got the blue ribbon in At the fair.
Bill poured on the seed Leaves.
Bill poured on the seed Ribbons.
Bill poured on the seed Water.
Bill poured on the seed Strawberries.
Bill picked the pumpkin on At the fair.
Bill picked the pumpkin on In the summer.
Bill picked the pumpkin on In the fall.
Bill picked the pumpkin on In the winter.
Poppydo when he first did went outside He played with his ball.
Poppydo when he first did went outside He played catch.
Poppydo when he first did went outside He sat in the yard waiting to go back inside.
Poppydo when he first did went outside He ran around the yard as fast as he could.
Poppydo when he did was outside He sat down and took a nap.
Poppydo when he did was outside He played catch with a cat.
Poppydo when he did was outside He played with Mary.
Poppydo when he did was outside He chased a cat.
name of Mary's dog was Puppy.
name of Mary's dog was Happy.
name of Mary's dog was Jump.
name of Mary's dog was Poppy.
Poppydo after he played caught with Mary He jumped on Mary and licked her.
Poppydo after he played caught with Mary He went inside to eat.
Poppydo after he played caught with Mary He played with the ball.
Poppydo after he played caught with Mary He went inside for a nap.
Ryan was the best shot.
Henry was the best shot.
Tanner was the best shot.
Seth was the best shot.
could Tanner NOT Run Fast.
could Tanner NOT Dunk it.
could Tanner NOT Shoot.
could Tanner NOT Dribble.
Tanner picked The Shooters.
Tanner picked The Hoopsters.
Tanner picked The Dribblers.
Tanner picked The Dunkers.
Basketball sport did the four men play.
Soccer sport did the four men play.
Baseball sport did the four men play.
Football sport did the four men play.
Her brother, Mark was Jane with at the pool.
Her friend and her brother, Mark was Jane with at the pool.
No one was Jane with at the pool.
Just a life guard was Jane with at the pool.
Mark and her mom told Jane that the storm was almost over.
Mark and a man who walked by told Jane that the storm was almost over.
Mark told Jane that the storm was almost over.
A man who walked by and her mom told Jane that the storm was almost over.
Jane and Mark go after they got outed of the pool in To a safe place.
Jane and Mark go after they got outed of the pool in Home.
Jane and Mark go after they got outed of the pool in To the store to get an umbrella.
Jane and Mark go after they got outed of the pool in To the snack bar to get some candy.
Jane and Mark have to get outed of the pool because Jane and Mark got out because they were tired of playing.
Jane and Mark have to get outed of the pool because It had started storm and Mark told Jane to get out.
Jane and Mark have to get outed of the pool because The life guard said to get out because of the storm.
Jane and Mark have to get outed of the pool because Jane and Mark never got out of the pool.
Michelle's idea was She went to town.
Michelle's idea was She wrote her ABCs.
Michelle's idea was She left a trail of mud on the floor.
Michelle's idea was She picked purple flowers off of a bush to give to Mrs. Jones.
June worried when she looked at her blue jeans because Michelle was making pies.
June worried when she looked at her blue jeans because She had dirt on her and her mom said not to get dirty.
June worried when she looked at her blue jeans because She wanted purple flowers.
June worried when she looked at her blue jeans because Her mommy said cooking was messy business.
June think her Mom did would be mad because She got mud in her eye.
June think her Mom did would be mad because Michelle ate pies out of mud.
June think her Mom did would be mad because She picked her mom's purple flowers.
June think her Mom did would be mad because She had dirt on her blue jeans.
girls doing outside in the yard at the beginning of the story were making pies and going to town.
girls doing outside in the yard at the beginning of the story were going to the store and picking flowers.
girls doing outside in the yard at the beginning of the story were making pies and cakes and writing their ABCs in the dirt.
girls doing outside in the yard at the beginning of the story were singing about the store and tying their shoes.
Susie happy because Susie was going to take a kitten home.
Susie happy because She had new kittens.
Susie happy because Mary was coming to visit today and the new kittens.
Susie happy because Her mother was cooking breakfast.
the kittens are in The kittens are in a kitchen.
the kittens are in The kittens are in the car.
the kittens are in The kittens are in the house.
the kittens are in The kittens are in the barn.
Susie's mother want Mary to take a kitten because She doesn't want Mary to come visit.
Susie's mother want Mary to take a kitten because Six kittens is too many. She only wants to keep two kittens.
Susie's mother want Mary to take a kitten because She is cooking breakfast.
Susie's mother want Mary to take a kitten because She wants Susie to be happy.
Susie's is mother doing She is playing with the kittens.
Susie's is mother doing She is cooking breakfast.
Susie's is mother doing She is eating breakfast.
Susie's is mother doing She is waiting for Mary.
the mouse looked for at night a wire.
the mouse looked for at night a telephone.
the mouse looked for at night a television.
the mouse looked for at night food.
something the mouse was found on a good day a piggy.
something the mouse was found on a good day a kitchen.
something the mouse was found on a good day frosting.
something the mouse was found on a good day a house.
the mouse triped over when phone rang a paint can.
the mouse triped over when phone rang a wire.
the mouse triped over when phone rang a spoon.
the mouse triped over when phone rang a piggy.
something the mouse was found on a bad day a television.
something the mouse was found on a bad day paint from a paint can.
something the mouse was found on a bad day a piggy.
something the mouse was found on a bad day a wire.
the pet store had for sale white fish.
the pet store had for sale black fish.
the pet store had for sale purple fish.
the pet store had for sale rainbow fish.
the worker put the fish in a bag of watered because Goldfish love being in bags.
the worker put the fish in a bag of watered because The worker likes putting fish in bags.
the worker put the fish in a bag of watered because The dinosaur asked for the fish to be put in a bag.
the worker put the fish in a bag of watered because Fish always love to have something to swim in.
the dinosaur reading his book because He wants to see if the pet store is big enough for him to fit inside.
the dinosaur reading his book because He wants to go to Detroit.
the dinosaur reading his book because He wants to learn how to take care of a goldfish.
the dinosaur reading his book because He wants to go the pet store.
the pet store is in Pakistan.
the pet store is in Oceanside.
the pet store is in St. Louis.
the pet store is in Detroit.
Sue put on the tray Sue did not take a tray.
Sue put on the tray Only a flower.
Sue put on the tray A plate, a flower and the toast.
Sue put on the tray Only toast.
Sue looked for Auntie Wendy in In the hallway and the bathroom.
Sue looked for Auntie Wendy in Only in the hallway.
Sue looked for Auntie Wendy in In the bathroom and the kitchen.
Sue looked for Auntie Wendy in In the bathroom, kitchen, hallway and bedroom.
Sue put on the toast Sue put butter and jam on the toast.
Sue put on the toast only butter.
Sue put on the toast Sue didn't put anything on the toast.
Sue put on the toast only jam.
names of the people in the story are Only Sue.
names of the people in the story are Only Sue and Auntie Wendy.
names of the people in the story are Only Auntie Wendy.
names of the people in the story are Sue, Auntie Wendy and Tom.
Susan put down Bread and tomato.
Susan put down Bread and pickle.
Susan put down Meat and Pickle.
Susan put down Meat and cheese.
Tim put down Lettuce.
Tim put down Cheese.
Tim put down Tomato.
Tim put down Meat.
John put down Bread and pickle.
John put down Cheese and meat.
John put down Bread and tomato.
John put down Bread and cheese.
Jack put down Meat.
Jack put down Bread.
Jack put down Cheese.
Jack put down Lettuce.
it took five hours Albert to build the tree house.
it took three hours Albert to build the tree house.
it took two hours Albert to build the tree house.
it took four hours Albert to build the tree house.
Albert make the tree house outed of Albert chose not to make the tree house.
Albert make the tree house outed of Metal.
Albert make the tree house outed of WOod.
Albert make the tree house outed of Plastic.
Albert chose to build A desk.
Albert chose to build A tree house.
Albert chose to build A garage.
Albert chose to build A cabinet.
Albert forget to bought at the store Nails.
Albert forget to bought at the store Tools.
Albert forget to bought at the store Wood.
Albert forget to bought at the store Glue.
the man put on his pancakes a teacher.
the man put on his pancakes a baby.
the man put on his pancakes a mailman.
the man put on his pancakes syrup.
the baby crying because The baby wanted pancakes.
the baby crying because The man pushed the mailman who fell on a teacher which made the baby cry.
the baby crying because The baby was chewing gum.
the baby crying because The baby got fired.
Making a baby cry made the man forget about being fired.
Eating the pancakes and sweeping the floor made the man forget about being fired.
Making a teacher fall made the man forget about being fired.
Pushing a mailman made the man forget about being fired.
the man took with him after he got fired a broom.
the man took with him after he got fired a baby.
the man took with him after he got fired gum and gloves.
the man took with him after he got fired a pancake.
Anna bought a rattle because She wanted a toy for herself.
Anna bought a rattle because She wanted a present for her mom.
Anna bought a rattle because She wanted to give the baby a toy to play with.
Anna bought a rattle because She wanted to make music.
the crib came from in Anna's mom built it.
the crib came from in Anna's dad used to sleep in it.
the crib came from in Anna used to sleep in it.
the crib came from in the store.
Anna's dad say he did woulddo to a crying baby Feed him.
Anna's dad say he did woulddo to a crying baby Clean him up.
Anna's dad say he did woulddo to a crying baby Hold him.
Anna's dad say he did woulddo to a crying baby Put him in the crib.
 How much did the rattle cost three dollars.
 How much did the rattle cost one dollar.
 How much did the rattle cost it was free.
 How much did the rattle cost Two dollars.
John pick uped the telephone because Because he wanted to go to Otonga.
John pick uped the telephone because Because he was curious about why Jill was sitting on the phone.
John pick uped the telephone because Because Bob told him to.
John pick uped the telephone because Because he was tired.
John did on Otonga Followed Bob into the forest.
John did on Otonga Jumped into the volcano.
John did on Otonga Watched Jill sitting on the telephone.
John did on Otonga Realized that he was on Otonga.
Jill did Picked up the telephone.
Jill did Passed out.
Jill did Flew from the flower to the telephone.
Jill did Followed Bob into the forest.
the man in the story, called Jill.
the man in the story, called John.
the man in the story, called Otonga.
the man in the story, called Bob.
Larry's favorite animal is Monkey.
Larry's favorite animal is Bear.
Larry's favorite animal is Panda.
Larry's favorite animal is Rabbit.
a panda's favorite food is Chocolate bars.
a panda's favorite food is Leaves.
a panda's favorite food is Bananas.
a panda's favorite food is Sandwiches.
Larry not see the pandas did Sleep.
Larry not see the pandas did Eat.
Larry not see the pandas did Climb trees.
Larry not see the pandas did Play.
 Whose favorite animal wasn't found at the zoo Ryan's.
 Whose favorite animal wasn't found at the zoo Larry's.
 Whose favorite animal wasn't found at the zoo Tracy's.
 Whose favorite animal wasn't found at the zoo Jim's.
the race was on Wednesday.
the race was on Friday.
the race was on Saturday.
the race was on Thursday.
8 number did Greg put on his racing car.
3 number did Greg put on his racing car.
5 number did Greg put on his racing car.
10 number did Greg put on his racing car.
Greg's father helped with the racing car He helped put the wheels on.
Greg's father helped with the racing car He colored in the number on the side.
Greg's father helped with the racing car He helped color it red.
Greg's father helped with the racing car He made the body of the car.
the race happening was in At the park.
the race happening was in On the track near his school.
the race happening was in In a river.
the race happening was in In their backyard.
Joey, nobody went to the baseball game and with how many people.
Mark, nobody went to the baseball game and with how many people.
Sam, two others went to the baseball game and with how many people.
Joey, three others went to the baseball game and with how many people.
store that did Joey turn into is Garden store.
store that did Joey turn into is Grocery store.
store that did Joey turn into is Car store.
store that did Joey turn into is Coffee store.
Home team, by two runs went to and by how many runs.
Away team, by one run went to and by how many runs.
Away team, by two runs went to and by how many runs.
Home team, by one run went to and by how many runs.
Joey chose warm brownie with ice cream.
Joey chose Vanilla shake.
Joey chose apple pie with ice cream.
Joey chose Marshmallow and chocolate cake.
If the rain arrived on Saturday, Friday day did Stewart go to the beach.
If the rain arrived on Saturday, Monday day did Stewart go to the beach.
If the rain arrived on Saturday, Sunday day did Stewart go to the beach.
If the rain arrived on Saturday, Wednesday day did Stewart go to the beach.
Stewart doing at the beach was reading a newspaper.
Stewart doing at the beach was looking for bugs.
Stewart doing at the beach was swimming.
Stewart doing at the beach was sleeping on his blanket.
the bug wanted from Stewart food.
the bug wanted from Stewart to read Stewart's newspaper.
the bug wanted from Stewart a place to sleep.
the bug wanted from Stewart a new friend.
the bug that Stewart was found at the beach beetle.
the bug that Stewart was found at the beach caterpillar.
the bug that Stewart was found at the beach ant.
the bug that Stewart was found at the beach butterfly.
Mommy doesdo as a job filming movies.
Mommy doesdo as a job making costumes for movie stars.
Mommy doesdo as a job watching movies.
Mommy doesdo as a job making boots.
special about the boot was It was covered in beads.
special about the boot was it was brown.
special about the boot was it had a picture of a kiss.
special about the boot was it had a picture of a lamp.
Mommy works in in the attic.
Mommy works in in a costume shop.
Mommy works in at the movies.
Mommy works in at the shoe store.
the needle the narrator stuck herself with came from in It was next to the lamp.
the needle the narrator stuck herself with came from in It was in the boot.
the needle the narrator stuck herself with came from in Mommy was using it to make the boot.
the needle the narrator stuck herself with came from in It was hidden on the ground.
Marsha's noodle is made out of Spaghetti.
Marsha's noodle is made out of plastic bag.
Marsha's noodle is made out of mom.
Marsha's noodle is made out of Macaroni.
Marsha's dog is Joey.
Marsha's friend is Joey.
Marsha's mom is Joey.
Marsha's dad is Joey.
Tuesday night special for Marsha because Every Tuesday Marsha meets a new friend.
Tuesday night special for Marsha because It's spaghetti night and it's Marsha's favorite dinner.
Tuesday night special for Marsha because It's Macaroni and Cheese night and it's Marsha's favorite dinner.
Tuesday night special for Marsha because Marsha doesn't go to school on Tuesday.
it was in On the kitchen floor on Tuesday.
it was in In a plastic bag on Tuesday.
it was in Under her pillow on Friday.
it was in In her backyard on Monday.
the elf went swimming in a pond because He put soap in the fridge.
the elf went swimming in a pond because He was nice to everyone.
the elf went swimming in a pond because He had annoyed the boy and made him sad.
the elf went swimming in a pond because He had celebrated the queen's birthday.
the elf to did girls He at their soap.
the elf to did girls He pushed them in ponds.
the elf to did girls He threw pies at them.
the elf to did girls He woke them up.
the elfdo as he did went to the pond skipped.
the elfdo as he did went to the pond layed under a tree.
the elfdo as he did went to the pond drew on someone's face.
the elfdo as he did went to the pond slept.
the elf did to the boy He gave him shorts for his birthday.
the elf did to the boy He gave him soap.
the elf did to the boy He drew a house on his forehead with a magic marker as he was sleeping.
the elf did to the boy He swam with the boy.
Jane got to Samantha Kitchen table.
Jane got to Samantha stool.
Jane got to Samantha chair.
Jane got to Samantha ladder.
name of Jane's doll was Samantha.
name of Jane's doll was Ruth.
name of Jane's doll was Wanda.
name of Jane's doll was Julie.
Samantha did after Jane dropped her Cry.
Samantha did after Jane dropped her Talk.
Samantha did after Jane dropped her Run.
Samantha did after Jane dropped her Listen.
Jane lay to Her Mother.
Jane lay to Ruth.
Jane lay to Wanda.
Jane lay to Samantha.
A tree broke the fence.
A raccoon broke the fence.
John broke the fence.
The things that were missing from the back yard broke the fence.
A fox was the criminal.
A crook was the criminal.
A raccoon was the criminal.
One of John's neighbors was the criminal.
John needed a tool because To scare away the raccoon.
John needed a tool because To fix the fence.
John needed a tool because To fix his snow shovel.
John needed a tool because To tear down the fence.
the weather like when John was fixed the fence Hot.
the weather like when John was fixed the fence Windy.
the weather like when John was fixed the fence Cold.
the weather like when John was fixed the fence Rainy.
am I going to get a hamster on Today.
am I going to get a hamster on In a day.
am I going to get a hamster on In a few weeks, or maybe a month.
am I going to get a hamster on In a month or maybe a year.
my hamster need to bes happy Love from my heart, a big home, cookies, and another home.
my hamster need to bes happy A big home, water, food, and love from my heart.
my hamster need to bes happy A tiny home, Coke, food, and love from my heart.
my hamster need to bes happy Water, food, love from my heart, and a tiny home.
my hamster sitting on my is shoulder on When I'm reading my favorite book or sleeping.
my hamster sitting on my is shoulder on When I'm doing the dishes or my homework.
my hamster sitting on my is shoulder on When I'm sleeping or doing the dishes.
my hamster sitting on my is shoulder on When I'm taking a shower or eating.
Bite me, run away, eat candy, try to go outside'll my hamster do that is bad.
Run away, play a lot, eat too much, try to go outside'll my hamster do that is bad.
Bite me, pee on me, run away, try to go outside'll my hamster do that is bad.
Try to go outside, pee on me, bite me, sleep too much'll my hamster do that is bad.
Jenny want to went on a trip to in the moon.
Jenny want to went on a trip to in France.
Jenny want to went on a trip to in someplace cold.
Jenny want to went on a trip to in Florida.
Jenny when her daddy gave her milk was in The park.
Jenny when her daddy gave her milk was in Standing on a rock.
Jenny when her daddy gave her milk was in France.
Jenny when her daddy gave her milk was in the lake.
Jenny when she had to sneeze was in Standing on a rock.
Jenny when she had to sneeze was in France.
Jenny when she had to sneeze was in Florida.
Jenny when she had to sneeze was in the park.
Jenny folded towel.
Jenny folded rock.
Jenny folded shirt.
Jenny folded pants.
Jen late for was dinner.
Jen late for was the dance.
Jen late for was cake.
Jen late for was ice cream.
didn't Jen have turkey because She was very excited about her birthday cake.
didn't Jen have turkey because She had no gravy.
didn't Jen have turkey because She saw some ice cream.
didn't Jen have turkey because She remembered she was late.
on Jen's was dress turtle.
on Jen's was dress ice cream.
on Jen's was dress cake.
on Jen's was dress cats.
on the cake was yogurt.
on the cake was sprinkles.
on the cake was chocolate.
on the cake was ice cream.
he getting presents because christmas.
he getting presents because his mother's birthday.
he getting presents because his birthday.
he getting presents because he won the games.
father brings the bike out.
grandmother brings the bike out.
friends brings the bike out.
mother brings the bike out.
he rode the bike in down the street.
he rode the bike in living room.
he rode the bike in garage.
he rode the bike in in the kitchen.
he wants more than anything A bike.
he wants more than anything coloring book.
he wants more than anything a car.
he wants more than anything toys.
the second thing the squirrel was passed the buildings.
the second thing the squirrel was passed the clouds.
the second thing the squirrel was passed the birds.
the second thing the squirrel was passed the planes.
the squirrel playing was in in the clouds.
the squirrel playing was in on an ox.
the squirrel playing was in a seesaw.
the squirrel playing was in at night.
you think the squirreldo said to the clouds make rain for me.
you think the squirreldo said to the clouds send me to the tops of the buildings.
you think the squirreldo said to the clouds move the ox from the seesaw.
you think the squirreldo said to the clouds let me fly like a bird.
the building threw the squirrel into the air.
the birds threw the squirrel into the air.
the cloud threw the squirrel into the air.
the ox threw the squirrel into the air.
the dog's was name Maggie.
the dog's was name Henry.
the dog's was name Pester.
the dog's was name Linda.
the cat's was name Maggie.
the cat's was name Pester.
the cat's was name Linda.
the cat's was name Henry.
Pester think Maggie did looked like a chair.
Pester think Maggie did looked like a brown chicken.
Pester think Maggie did looked like a flag.
Pester think Maggie did looked like a mop.
Pester wave to got Maggie's attention his paw.
Pester wave to got Maggie's attention a flag.
Pester wave to got Maggie's attention his tail.
Pester wave to got Maggie's attention an ear.
Jimmy ate Hot Dog.
Jimmy ate Bugs.
Jimmy ate Worms.
Jimmy ate Bread Crumbs.
Jimmy swam in Lake.
Jimmy swam in Stream.
Jimmy swam in Pond.
Jimmy swam in River.
Jimmy slept in Barn.
Jimmy slept in Box.
Jimmy slept in Nest.
Jimmy slept in Porch.
name of the duck was Doug.
name of the duck was Susie.
name of the duck was Billy.
name of the duck was Jimmy.
the little boy not did with his rock roll it down the hill.
the little boy not did with his rock eat it.
the little boy not did with his rock throw it at trees.
the little boy not did with his rock throw it in the river.
the cow mooed in the story four times.
the cow mooed in the story two times.
the cow mooed in the story three times.
the cow mooed in the story one times.
the boydo when he did lost his rock look in the river.
the boydo when he did lost his rock throw things at trees.
the boydo when he did lost his rock go home and cry.
the boydo when he did lost his rock roll down a hill.
It got stuck in a tree happened to the rock.
The boy ate it happened to the rock.
The cow ate it happened to the rock.
It fell in the river happened to the rock.
Tammy saw at the store Pat and Roger.
Tammy saw at the store Roger and Bobby.
Tammy saw at the store Roger and Pat.
Tammy saw at the store Bobby and Pat.
Pink color was Bobby.
Red color was Bobby.
Purple color was Bobby.
Blue color was Bobby.
Pat bought at the store Potatoes and eggs.
Pat bought at the store Pizza.
Pat bought at the store Salad.
Pat bought at the store Celery and carrots.
Tammy ate for supper Potatoes and eggs.
Tammy ate for supper Salad seeds and pizza.
Tammy ate for supper Pizza and celery.
Tammy ate for supper Carrots and potatoes.
John say he didn't want to went to the park because he doesn't like the park.
John say he didn't want to went to the park because he was afraid of being chased by a squirrel.
John say he didn't want to went to the park because he doesn't like Mary.
John say he didn't want to went to the park because he did want to go to the park.
Mary passes on her way to the park one; Kim's friend's houses.
Mary passes on her way to the park one; John's friend's houses.
Mary passes on her way to the park two; Kim's and John's friend's houses.
Mary passes on her way to the park None friend's houses.
Mary played with at the park Kim.
Mary played with at the park She played alone.
Mary played with at the park John.
Mary played with at the park Kim and John.
Mary and Kim loved about the park only the swings.
Mary and Kim loved about the park the squirrels.
Mary and Kim loved about the park only the flowers.
Mary and Kim loved about the park the flowers and the swings!.
Lisa made a picture of her and her dog made a picture of her favorite pet.
Kevin drew a picture of his bird made a picture of her favorite pet.
Tony drew his cat made a picture of her favorite pet.
Lisa made a picture of her and her cat made a picture of her favorite pet.
the classdo after they did made their pictures They went home.
the classdo after they did made their pictures They took a nap.
the classdo after they did made their pictures They had lunch and a party.
the classdo after they did made their pictures They had recess.
Johnny use to made his picture He used ketchup to make his picture.
Johnny use to made his picture Johnny used a potato.
Johnny use to made his picture Johnny made his picture with markers.
Johnny use to made his picture Johnny used feathers to make his picture.
 Did the class have cake for dessert after lunch No, they had ice cream.
 Did the class have cake for dessert after lunch Yes, they had hamburgers with ketchup and cake for dessert.
 Did the class have cake for dessert after lunch No, they had cookies.
 Did the class have cake for dessert after lunch No, they only had hamburgers.
Kevin and Erin NOT visited in Australia.
Kevin and Erin NOT visited in Europe.
Kevin and Erin NOT visited in North America.
Kevin and Erin NOT visited in South America.
Kevin and Erin NOT took to travel Bus.
Kevin and Erin NOT took to travel Train.
Kevin and Erin NOT took to travel Boat.
Kevin and Erin NOT took to travel Plane.
Kevin and Erin NOT saw in North America Farmlands.
Kevin and Erin NOT saw in North America Beach.
Kevin and Erin NOT saw in North America Forest.
Kevin and Erin NOT saw in North America Mountains.
Kevin and Erin visited first Australia.
Kevin and Erin visited first North America.
Kevin and Erin visited first Africa.
Kevin and Erin visited first Europe.
Make friends would Tony and Ally ratherdo.
Play hopscotch would Tony and Ally ratherdo.
Swing would Tony and Ally ratherdo.
Run would Tony and Ally ratherdo.
Tommy and Suzy like to play tag because The like making friends.
Tommy and Suzy like to play tag because They'd rather jump rope.
Tommy and Suzy like to play tag because They like running.
Tommy and Suzy like to play tag because They prefer hopscotch.
the Dad, called Tony.
the Dad, called Suzy.
the Dad, called Dean.
the Dad, called Tommy.
Tommy and Suzy not like to play tag.
Tommy and Suzy not like to play hopscotch.
Tommy and Suzy not like to play building sandcastles and swinging.
Tommy and Suzy not like to play jump rope.
the witch give Ellen her voice backed because Ellen's uncle paid the witch to take back the spell.
the witch give Ellen her voice backed because Ellen ordered the witch to give her voice back.
the witch give Ellen her voice backed because Ellen gave the witch a penny and told the witch her voice was magical.
the witch give Ellen her voice backed because The witch grew tired of singing.
Ellen's mother paid the witch to steal Princess Ellen's voice.
Ellen's sister paid the witch to steal Princess Ellen's voice.
Ellen's Uncle paid the witch to steal Princess Ellen's voice.
The Queen paid the witch to steal Princess Ellen's voice.
the spell did Trade Ellen's voice for the witch's.
the spell did Give Ellen a frog's voice.
the spell did Make Ellen a queen.
the spell did Make Ellen's voice silent.
Ellen want to be when she did grew up A queen.
Ellen want to be when she did grew up A singer.
Ellen want to be when she did grew up An uncle.
Ellen want to be when she did grew up A witch.
cacti color was the moon.
light color was the moon.
lizard color was the moon.
pink color was the moon.
the moon went shopping happened when the moon moved in front of the sun.
the moon stopped shining happened when the moon moved in front of the sun.
the moon went home happened when the moon moved in front of the sun.
The pink moon was shining with the power and light of the sun happened when the moon moved in front of the sun.
the pink moon lonely because he wanted to be with the sun.
the pink moon lonely because none of the animals could see him.
the pink moon lonely because he wanted to eat.
the pink moon lonely because he was bored.
it took seconds the moon to reach the sun.
it took days the moon to reach the sun.
it took hours the moon to reach the sun.
it took weeks the moon to reach the sun.
the band, called Monkeys on Mars.
the band, called Sofia and the No Nos.
the band, called Three Cats and a Dog.
the band, called Atomic Death Fish.
each of the cats played Sofia played guitar, Daisy played drums, and Abby played Bass.
each of the cats played Daisy played guitar, Sofia played drums, and Abby played Bass.
each of the cats played Abby played guitar, Daisy played drums, and Sofia played Bass.
each of the cats played Daisy and Sofia played guitar and Abby played Bass.
fish such as the drummer.
monkey such as the drummer.
dog such as the drummer.
cat such as the drummer.
accepting of the dog was Sofia and Abby.
accepting of the dog was Abby.
accepting of the dog was Daisy.
accepting of the dog was Sofia.
Mike played games with at the park Sally.
Mike played games with at the park His Dad.
Mike played games with at the park His dog.
Mike played games with at the park His Mom.
Mike going to make a cake because because he wanted to eat cake.
Mike going to make a cake because It was Mike's mom's birthday.
Mike going to make a cake because He really likes to bake.
Mike going to make a cake because It was Mike's birthday.
Mike almost bought instead of the sugar A bag of flour.
Mike almost bought instead of the sugar Flowers for his Mom.
Mike almost bought instead of the sugar A toy he really wanted.
Mike almost bought instead of the sugar His favorite candy.
Mike want to bought the toy and the sugar because the toy was cool, and he needed sugar for the cake.
Mike want to bought the toy and the sugar because The toy was for his mom's present, and the sugar was for her cake.
Mike want to bought the toy and the sugar because it was the last toy there, and the sugar would taste good.
Mike want to bought the toy and the sugar because his dad wanted the toy, and the sugar was for his mom's cake.
the angel have alligatored a trashcan.
the angel have alligatored spaghetti.
the angel have alligatored a spoon.
the angel have alligatored a beard.
the friend needed an alligator.
the friend needed spaghetti.
the friend needed a butt.
the friend needed a fork.
not a smart thing to wasdo eating spaghetti.
not a smart thing to wasdo going for a run.
not a smart thing to wasdo rolling in the mud.
not a smart thing to wasdo sitting in a trashcan.
the angel alligator loved todo scream and roll.
the angel alligator loved todo run and eat.
the angel alligator loved todo eat and run.
the angel alligator loved todo see and talk.
Pigeons type of birds did I see in my yard.
Flamingos type of birds did I see in my yard.
Pig birds type of birds did I see in my yard.
Robins type of birds did I see in my yard.
the sneaky spider did Poured me some lemonade.
the sneaky spider did Put my marshmallow in the toaster.
the sneaky spider did Stole my pickle.
the sneaky spider did Dumped out my ketchup.
tickling my was neck A flamingo.
tickling my was neck A pig.
tickling my was neck A daddy-long-legs.
tickling my was neck A skunk.
I heat up on the stove for breakfast ketchup.
I heat up on the stove for breakfast pickles.
I heat up on the stove for breakfast marshmallows.
I heat up on the stove for breakfast lemonade.
name of the man next door was Mr. Jumpy.
name of the man next door was Mr. Lumpy.
name of the man next door was Mr. Grumpy.
name of the man next door was Mr. Wheezy.
Sammy wondered if he was going to tell his mom, he didn't and on Was going to climb the fence.
Sammy wondered if he was going to tell his mom, he didn't and on Never got his shoe back.
Sammy wondered if he was going to tell his mom, he didn't and on Ran away.
Sammy wondered if he was going to tell his mom, he didn't and on Bought another shoe.
 Billy said Sammy was crazy and.. got the shoe for Sammy.
 Billy said Sammy was crazy and.. said that he needed to tell his mom.
 Billy said Sammy was crazy and.. stopped being friends with Sammy.
 Billy said Sammy was crazy and.. climbed the fence.
A Fence flew into Mr. Grumpy's yard.
A Bench flew into Mr. Grumpy's yard.
Shoe flew into Mr. Grumpy's yard.
A Book flew into Mr. Grumpy's yard.
Paul excited because to eat breakfast.
Paul excited because to take a shower.
Paul excited because To see his baby brother.
Paul excited because To play ball.
day of the big game was Monday.
day of the big game was Friday.
day of the big game was Saturday.
day of the big game was Thursday.
name of the baby brother was Paul.
name of the baby brother was Terry.
name of the baby brother was John.
name of the baby brother was Mike.
Paul was first up to hit the ball.
Terry was first up to hit the ball.
Mike was first up to hit the ball.
John was first up to hit the ball.
Nana hide the money BEFORE she hides it for the final times Four different places.
Nana hide the money BEFORE she hides it for the final times Five different places.
Nana hide the money BEFORE she hides it for the final times Three different places.
Nana hide the money BEFORE she hides it for the final times Two different places.
Nana finally hides her money in A tree.
Nana finally hides her money in A hole in the ground she dug.
Nana finally hides her money in Her wall.
Nana finally hides her money in Her attic.
couldn't she find her money at the end because The wind blew her money away.
couldn't she find her money at the end because Because she hadn't eaten breakfast.
couldn't she find her money at the end because She got lost.
couldn't she find her money at the end because Because she couldn't tell which things she used to mark the spot where she hid the money.
the first place Nana hid her money was in A tree.
the first place Nana hid her money was in The attic.
the first place Nana hid her money was in The wall.
the first place Nana hid her money was in A hole in the ground.
the order in which Suzie was asked other characters for help first Mr. Turtle, then the puppy, then the star.
the order in which Suzie was asked other characters for help first the star, then Mr. Turtle, then the puppy.
the order in which Suzie was asked other characters for help first the puppy, then Mr. Turtle, then Peaches.
the order in which Suzie was asked other characters for help first Peaches, then the puppy, then Mr. Turtle.
name of Suzie's cat was Puppy.
name of Suzie's cat was Star.
name of Suzie's cat was Turtle.
name of Suzie's cat was Peaches.
the cat hiding was in down the street.
the cat hiding was in by the lake.
the cat hiding was in under the bed.
the cat hiding was in with the puppy.
Suzie not met in the story a puppy.
Suzie not met in the story rabbit.
Suzie not met in the story a turtle.
Suzie not met in the story a cat.
Square seen in the river He saw a diamond.
Square seen in the river He saw a square.
Square seen in the river He saw a kite.
Square seen in the river He saw a fish.
Square sad because He was not a diamond, so he could not swim.
Square sad because He didn't have a string, so he could not fish.
Square sad because He was scared of flying.
Square sad because He was not shaped like a kite, so he could not fly.
Square and Diamond did They had a picnic.
Square and Diamond did They swam and fished.
Square and Diamond did They jumped and danced.
Square and Diamond did They flew and laughed.
Square's favorite day is Friday.
Square's favorite day is Wednesday.
Square's favorite day is Saturday.
Square's favorite day is Tuesday.
All spotted color are the eggs.
blue color are the eggs.
Some white, some spotted color are the eggs.
All white color are the eggs.
there are two babies.
there are three babies.
there are four babies.
there are one babies.
the mother birds get Dirt.
the mother birds get Eggs.
the mother birds get Nest.
the mother birds get Worms.
Worms came into the nest last.
The babies came into the nest last.
Mr. Bird came into the nest last.
Mrs. Bird came into the nest last.
we went to the park every Saturday because To dig in the sand.
we went to the park every Saturday because To play fetch.
we went to the park every Saturday because To chase other dogs.
we went to the park every Saturday because To swim in the pond.
Toodles looked like Brown and white with floppy ears, long legs, and big paws.
Toodles looked like Gray with short ears, short legs, and tiny paws.
Toodles looked like Black and white with floppy ears, short legs, and big paws.
Toodles looked like Black and white with short ears, long legs, and big paws.
Toodles soaking wet because Because he swam in the pond to fetch a stick.
Toodles soaking wet because Because he swam in the pond to chase the ducks.
Toodles soaking wet because Because it rained on him.
Toodles soaking wet because Because he jumped in the pool to fetch a ball.
Toodles curl up in my laped because So I could make him feel better.
Toodles curl up in my laped because Because I was tired.
Toodles curl up in my laped because Because he wanted to go home.
Toodles curl up in my laped because Because he was tired.
Tim start out so far behind because He trips over his shoelace.
Tim start out so far behind because He is knocked down.
Tim start out so far behind because He gets sick.
Tim start out so far behind because He can't run.
3:15 timedoes the race start.
Tim doesn't know timedoes the race start.
4:00 timedoes the race start.
3:30 timedoes the race start.
Tim run the race because To make Angela like him.
Tim run the race because To win a prize.
Tim run the race because Because his father wants him to.
Tim run the race because To show that he could be anything he wanted to be.
Tim brings to school An apple.
Tim brings to school Nothing.
Tim brings to school A book.
Tim brings to school Shorts.
Max is Jack's best friend.
Paul is Jack's best friend.
Sammy is Jack's best friend.
Jim is Jack's best friend.
Jack takes Max in To the park.
Jack takes Max in Pet store.
Jack takes Max in To visit his friend.
Jack takes Max in Around the block.
Jack finds the leash in On the porch.
Jack finds the leash in In the kitchen drawer.
Jack finds the leash in In the closet.
Jack finds the leash in On the hooks by the front door.
Jack played with Max in the yard Leash.
Jack played with Max in the yard Fetch.
Jack played with Max in the yard Ball.
Jack played with Max in the yard Frisbee.
Josie get the soil in her gardened ready for planting She waited for the last frost.
Josie get the soil in her gardened ready for planting She planted her seedlings indoors.
Josie get the soil in her gardened ready for planting She started planning her garden in the winter.
Josie get the soil in her gardened ready for planting She dug her garden and added a special growing mix to the soil.
Josie ordered her seeds in Seed magazines.
Josie ordered her seeds in She had them left over from last year.
Josie ordered her seeds in A friend.
Josie ordered her seeds in The garden store.
Josiedo to get her seedlings ready to planted in the garden The warm sun and rich soil helped her vegetables and flowers grow.
Josiedo to get her seedlings ready to planted in the garden Melted the snow and planted them outside before the last frost.
Josiedo to get her seedlings ready to planted in the garden Planted them outside, straight into the soil.
Josiedo to get her seedlings ready to planted in the garden Started her seeds indoors and got them used to the cooler temperatures outside.
Josie started her seedlings on Seven weeks before the last frost.
Josie started her seedlings on Four weeks before the last frost.
Josie started her seedlings on Six weeks before the last frost.
Josie started her seedlings on Five weeks before the last frost.
Bill and Sarah had Tuna fish and ham salad.
Bill and Sarah had Coke and peanut butter.
Bill and Sarah had Ham salad and peanut butter.
Bill and Sarah had Ham salad and fruit.
Sarah took of her shoes because So Bill wouldn't feel silly.
Sarah took of her shoes because Because her feet were hot.
Sarah took of her shoes because Because monster hunters don't wear shoes.
Sarah took of her shoes because Because her feet were wet.
Bill and Sarah play balled in On the grass.
Bill and Sarah play balled in Under the slide.
Bill and Sarah play balled in On the pavement.
Bill and Sarah play balled in In the playground.
Sarah like to plays with Scott.
Sarah like to plays with Mark.
Sarah like to plays with Tom.
Sarah like to plays with Bill.
Sue is Shelly's second grade teacher.
Mrs. Stewart is Shelly's second grade teacher.
Mrs. Borden is Shelly's second grade teacher.
Mrs. Bell is Shelly's second grade teacher.
Shelly's family moved to Arizona from in Arizona.
Shelly's family moved to Arizona from in Tennessee.
Shelly's family moved to Arizona from in Florida.
Shelly's family moved to Arizona from in Texas.
Shelly was born in Arizona.
Shelly was born in Tennessee.
Shelly was born in Texas.
Shelly was born in Florida.
Julie is Shelly's best friend from her old school.
Sue is Shelly's best friend from her old school.
Tim is Shelly's best friend from her old school.
John is Shelly's best friend from her old school.
a lion has that scare other animals Lions have big teeth, sharp claws, and sometimes, they are very cranky.
a lion has that scare other animals Lions have bad hair, bad breath, and a bad attitude.
a lion has that scare other animals Lions have bad breath, sharp claws, and sometimes, they are very cranky.
a lion has that scare other animals Lions have sharp claws, bad hair, and big teeth.
so important to make a friendship is last a long time You need time, hard work, and we need to always be nice.
so important to make a friendship is last a long time You need to be popular, to do hard work, and we need to always be nice.
so important to make a friendship is last a long time You need time, to do some work, and we need to always be okay to our friends.
so important to make a friendship is last a long time You need money, to do hard work, and we need to always be nice.
lions try to make friendsdo with the Zebra, horse, chicken other animals.
lions try to make friendsdo with the Chicken, zebra, pig other animals.
lions try to make friendsdo with the Zebra, horse, snake other animals.
lions try to make friendsdo with the Pig, snake, horse other animals.
to make a horse less nervous about being friends A lion might bring a horse some candy or food to make him or her less nervous.
to make a horse less nervous about being friends A lion might bring a horse some flowers or food to make him or her less nervous.
to make a horse less nervous about being friends A lion might bring a horse some money or food to make him or her less nervous.
to make a horse less nervous about being friends A lion might bring a horse some clothes or food to make him or her less nervous.
in the field was Ducks, horses, and cows.
in the field was A tractor, horses, and cows.
in the field was Nothing was in the field.
in the field was A tractor and chickens.
Joe's father not wanted him around the tractor because He was afraid Joe would have fun.
Joe's father not wanted him around the tractor because He was afraid Joe would never get off the tractor.
Joe's father not wanted him around the tractor because He was afraid Joe would feed the horses and cows.
Joe's father not wanted him around the tractor because He was afraid Joe would climb on and hurt himself.
Joe's father told him not todo Get near the tractor.
Joe's father told him not todo Ride the cows.
Joe's father told him not todo Ride the tractor real fast.
Joe's father told him not todo Feed the cows.
Joe doing on the tractor was Joe sat there and asked his dad to ride with him.
Joe doing on the tractor was Joe drove the tractor into a pond.
Joe doing on the tractor was Joe sat there and sang and pretending to drive the tractor.
Joe doing on the tractor was Joe sat there and then pretended he was his father driving the tractor.
Water made the cat's tongue feel better.
The bird made the cat's tongue feel better.
Singing made the cat's tongue feel better.
Mustard made the cat's tongue feel better.
the cat find watered in In a water bottle.
the cat find watered in In a puddle.
the cat find watered in In a water dish.
the cat find watered in In a river.
floating in the puddle was Mustard.
floating in the puddle was A rabbit.
floating in the puddle was Leaves.
floating in the puddle was A bird.
the squirrel told the dog to sing along.
The bird told the dog to sing along.
the rabbit told the dog to sing along.
the cat told the dog to sing along.
the clerk first doesdo upon Trevor and his mom entering the candy shop Calls Trevor by his name.
the clerk first doesdo upon Trevor and his mom entering the candy shop Presents M&amp;M's for him to try.
the clerk first doesdo upon Trevor and his mom entering the candy shop Asks Trevor which type of M&amp;M he preferred.
the clerk first doesdo upon Trevor and his mom entering the candy shop Welcomes them.
the clerk not give Trevor to tries Peanut.
the clerk not give Trevor to tries Mint.
the clerk not give Trevor to tries White chocolate.
the clerk not give Trevor to tries Cookies n'creme.
Trevor and his mom do once a week Visit the game room.
Trevor and his mom do once a week Go to the movies.
Trevor and his mom do once a week Have fun at parks.
Trevor and his mom do once a week Go to the candy store to pick out an after-dinner treat.
the clerk take away from their orders A dime money.
the clerk take away from their orders A quarter money.
the clerk take away from their orders A nickel money.
the clerk take away from their orders Half off money.
the cow put in a window two things.
the cow put in a window three things things.
the cow put in a window five rocks things.
the cow put in a window nothing things.
the cow took off the bed his granddaddy.
the cow took off the bed a rock.
the cow took off the bed a book.
the cow took off the bed a sandwich.
the cow ate for lunch sandwich.
the cow ate for lunch pickle.
the cow ate for lunch chips.
the cow ate for lunch popcorn.
the cow talked to granddaddy and mother.
the cow talked to daddy and granddaddy.
the cow talked to granddaddy and brother.
the cow talked to daddy and teacher.
6 of Mikes friends came to the party.
10 of Mikes friends came to the party.
8 of Mikes friends came to the party.
12 of Mikes friends came to the party.
Noodles, John was picked for dinnertime and by who.
Pizza, Mike was picked for dinnertime and by who.
Salad, Sara was picked for dinnertime and by who.
Hamburgers, Jane was picked for dinnertime and by who.
Triangle shape box did the pizza come in.
Square shape box did the pizza come in.
Circle shape box did the pizza come in.
no box shape box did the pizza come in.
the party was for the Clown, daughter's birthday party performer came to the party, and what.
the party was for the Magician son's birthday party performer came to the party, and what.
the party was for the Magician, daughter's birthday party performer came to the party, and what.
the party was for the Clown, son's birthday party performer came to the party, and what.
Joey ate for breakfast Pie.
Joey ate for breakfast Oatmeal.
Joey ate for breakfast Cereal.
Joey ate for breakfast Pear.
Green color was Jimmy's favorite shirt.
Red color was Jimmy's favorite shirt.
Purple color was Jimmy's favorite shirt.
Blue color was Jimmy's favorite shirt.
Joey's cousin's was name Julie.
Joey's cousin's was name Jimmy.
Joey's cousin's was name Jasmine.
Joey's cousin's was name Jack.
the squirrel's was name Jimmy.
the squirrel's was name Julie.
the squirrel's was name Joey.
the squirrel's was name Jack.
Frank is better than Jake at baseball.
His Grandfather is better than Jake at baseball.
No one is better than Jake at baseball.
His Grandmother is better than Jake at baseball.
Jake's Grandfather taught him To run.
Jake's Grandfather taught him To catch.
Jake's Grandfather taught him To jump.
Jake's Grandfather taught him To throw.
Jake got so good at baseball He slept with his mitt.
Jake got so good at baseball Frank showed him how.
Jake got so good at baseball He ran a lot.
Jake got so good at baseball He played a lot.
doesn't Jake's Grandfather play baseball with him now because Jake asked him not too.
doesn't Jake's Grandfather play baseball with him now because He moved away.
doesn't Jake's Grandfather play baseball with him now because His Grandfather hates baseball.
doesn't Jake's Grandfather play baseball with him now because His Grandfather died.
John want to make souped because It was a hot summer day in June and it was sunny.
John want to make souped because It was a cold winter day in December and it was snowing.
John want to make souped because John was sick.
John want to make souped because It was a cold winter day in June.
John put in his pocket after he did left the house A house key and a spoon.
John put in his pocket after he did left the house A pencil and watch.
John put in his pocket after he did left the house A spoon and a pencil.
John put in his pocket after he did left the house A grocery list and a house key.
John put on for the cold weather Jacket, gloves and boots.
John put on for the cold weather Sunscreen, sunglasses and sandals.
John put on for the cold weather Raincoat, hat, and rain boots.
John put on for the cold weather Umbrella, hat, and basket.
John go to the grocery stored because He needed groceries for his soup.
John go to the grocery stored because He needed a jacket and gloves.
John go to the grocery stored because Because his house was cold.
John go to the grocery stored because He wanted candy and popcorn.
Sallydo when she did got home Sally took a nap.
Sallydo when she did got home Sally went inside and ate a cat treat. She spent the rest of day playing with her favorite person. She spent the rest of day playing with her favorite person.
Sallydo when she did got home Sally watched the fish.
Sallydo when she did got home Sally chased a mouse.
Sally did in the field Sally laid down in the grass and took a nap.
Sally did in the field Sally watched the fish.
Sally did in the field Sally ate a cat treat.
Sally did in the field Sally chased a mouse.
Sallydo when she woke uped from her nap Sally ate a cat treat.
Sallydo when she woke uped from her nap Sally spent the rest of the day playing with her favorite person.
Sallydo when she woke uped from her nap When Sally woke up she saw a mouse. Sally ran after the mouse and tried to catch it.
Sallydo when she woke uped from her nap Sally watched the fish.
Sallydo when she did got to the river Sally played with her favorite person.
Sallydo when she did got to the river Sally chased a mouse.
Sallydo when she did got to the river Sally sat and watched the fish.
Sallydo when she did got to the river Sally ate a cat treat.
the little monkey jump in the girl's backpacked because He wanted to yell and bang things together.
the little monkey jump in the girl's backpacked because He was tired and wanted to get away from the noisy monkeys.
the little monkey jump in the girl's backpacked because He wanted to drive a car.
the little monkey jump in the girl's backpacked because He liked to run around.
Yellow color was the monkey's bell.
Blue color was the monkey's bell.
Brown color was the monkey's bell.
Red color was the monkey's bell.
bell is in On a car.
bell is in On a branch.
bell is in On a backpack.
bell is in On another monkey.
Her brother was walking with the girl at the zoo.
A mommy monkey was walking with the girl at the zoo.
Her mother and father was walking with the girl at the zoo.
Her sister was walking with the girl at the zoo.
name of the horse was Majestic.
name of the horse was mother.
name of the horse was Mackenzie.
name of the horse was Jack.
the horse did in the river take a bath.
the horse did in the river splash and play.
the horse did in the river drink.
the horse did in the river spray water from his mouth.
Jack and Mackenzie go with their mothered in home.
Jack and Mackenzie go with their mothered in library.
Jack and Mackenzie go with their mothered in river.
Jack and Mackenzie go with their mothered in playground.
story was time at the library on Friday.
story was time at the library on Tuesday.
story was time at the library on Wednesday.
story was time at the library on Monday.
the pet bird, called Andy.
the pet bird, called Oliver.
the pet bird, called Martha.
the pet bird, called Lucy.
can't Andy play fetch with Lucy because birds can't play fetch.
can't Andy play fetch with Lucy because Lucy's mom won't let her.
can't Andy play fetch with Lucy because he doesn't want to.
can't Andy play fetch with Lucy because he's not allowed out of his cage.
Monday, the day of the week is Martha pet-sitting.
Sunday, the day of the week is Martha pet-sitting.
Saturday, the day of the week is Martha pet-sitting.
Friday, the day of the week is Martha pet-sitting.
Martha's favorite is color purple.
Martha's favorite is color yellow.
Martha's favorite is color brown.
Martha's favorite is color silver.
