the hardest thing for Tom and his friends to was fix Door.
the hardest thing for Tom and his friends to was fix House.
the hardest thing for Tom and his friends to was fix Window.
the hardest thing for Tom and his friends to was fix Toilet.
Tom need to fixed first Door.
Tom need to fixed first House.
Tom need to fixed first Window.
Tom need to fixed first Toilet.
Jim didn't bring Jim with him.
Jim didn't bring Dolly with him.
Jim didn't bring Molly with him.
Jim didn't bring Holly with him.
Molly was Tom's best friend.
Holly was Tom's best friend.
Jim was Tom's best friend.
Dolly was Tom's best friend.
Whisker's Birthday is on Today.
Whisker's Birthday is on Last year.
Whisker's Birthday is on Friday.
Whisker's Birthday is on Saturday.
Whiskers likes todo Sleep in the sun and drink creamy milk.
Whiskers likes todo Play.
Whiskers likes todo Drink.
Whiskers likes todo Sleep.
All white with a black spot color is Whiskers.
White color is Whiskers.
Black color is Whiskers.
Black with white paws and a white spot color is Whiskers.
Lisa buys for Whiskers for this birthday A bowl with a cat on it.
Lisa buys for Whiskers for this birthday A play mouse.
Lisa buys for Whiskers for this birthday A red ball of yarn and a bowl with a cat on it.
Lisa buys for Whiskers for this birthday A blue feather.
the main characters live in A home for orphans.
the main characters live in A house.
the main characters live in An Apartment.
the main characters live in A trailer park.
the girl's is name Patty.
the girl's is name Katerina.
the girl's is name Kate.
the girl's is name Katherine.
wrong with the girl is She has the flu.
wrong with the girl is She has a heart problem.
wrong with the girl is She has diabetes.
wrong with the girl is She has a cold.
the boy's is name Hawthorne.
the boy's is name Hawthorne's.
the boy's is name Hamlet.
the boy's is name Jeremy.
the strange was guy doing with the friend enjoying a meal.
the strange was guy doing with the friend talking about his job.
the strange was guy doing with the friend talking to him.
the strange was guy doing with the friend trying to beat him.
the strange guy ran away because because he heard the cop car.
the strange guy ran away because because he saw his friend.
the strange guy ran away because because he didn't like the dinner.
the strange guy ran away because because it was getting late.
a sword was the strange guy dressed up as.
a car was the strange guy dressed up as.
a superhero was the strange guy dressed up as.
a cop was the strange guy dressed up as.
they ate at the friend's house lunch.
they ate at the friend's house snack.
they ate at the friend's house breakfast.
they ate at the friend's house dinner.
Alex proud of James because Alex was proud because James was brave.
Alex proud of James because He was proud because he was his hero.
Alex proud of James because He was proud because he was weak.
Alex proud of James because He was proud because he was scared.
Alex is the character that is fat and is being bullied.
Gordon is the character that is fat and is being bullied.
Johnny is the character that is fat and is being bullied.
James is the character that is fat and is being bullied.
the bulliesdo after James stood uped to them They wanted to be heroes. They were protecting themselves.
the bulliesdo after James stood uped to them The bullies didn't know what to do and gave up. They went away to look for more fun things.
the bulliesdo after James stood uped to them They were scared. They stood up for each other.
the bulliesdo after James stood uped to them They were weak. They remembered all the times they were being protected.
James stand uped to the bullies because Because he was weak. He wanted to be the opposite.
James stand uped to the bullies because He wanted to protect himself. He didn't want Alex to always help him.
James stand uped to the bullies because Because they grew up together. They were best friends.
James stand uped to the bullies because He wanted to not be scared. He wanted someone to be proud of him.
The park didn't invite Martha to the party.
No one didn't invite Martha to the party.
Martha didn't invite Martha to the party.
Stephan didn't invite Martha to the party.
Martha confused because She didn't know who she was.
Martha confused because She didn't know where she was.
Martha confused because She didn't know what time it was.
Martha confused because She couldn't find her friends.
Sunny such as it.
Windy such as it.
Rainy such as it.
Cloudy such as it.
Martha checked first at the park in Under the benches.
Martha checked first at the park in At her house.
Martha checked first at the park in Restrooms.
Martha checked first at the park in At the top of the slides.
mom say Sam could not played because It was time for a bath.
mom say Sam could not played because It was time to go to school.
mom say Sam could not played because Sam had to pet the cat.
mom say Sam could not played because It was time for breakfast.
Katy is Sam's best friend.
John is Sam's best friend.
Bill is Sam's best friend.
Ralph is Sam's best friend.
Sam love Ralph because Because Ralph licks him on the face and has floppy ears.
Sam love Ralph because Because Ralph likes to lick him on the face and play.
Sam love Ralph because Because Ralph likes to run and play.
Sam love Ralph because Because Ralph likes to jump and run.
Sam's favorite cereal is Fruit Loops.
Sam's favorite cereal is Friendly O's.
Sam's favorite cereal is Cheerios.
Sam's favorite cereal is Sharkies.
Bentley's human's upset because They had been stuck in traffic.
Bentley's human's upset because The house was wet.
Bentley's human's upset because The door was open.
Bentley's human's upset because The animals ripped the sofa.
name of the cat Bentley was met Bentley.
name of the cat Bentley was met Human.
name of the cat Bentley was met Felix.
name of the cat Bentley was met Puppy.
Bentley digging in was River.
Bentley digging in was Trash.
Bentley digging in was Dirt.
Bentley digging in was Street.
the two animals went after digging in the trash in The city.
the two animals went after digging in the trash in River.
the two animals went after digging in the trash in Space.
the two animals went after digging in the trash in Home.
Timmy like to collected the most Baseball cards.
Timmy like to collected the most Bottle caps.
Timmy like to collected the most Sea shells.
Timmy like to collected the most Stamps.
Timmy's most expensive collection is Sea Shells.
Timmy's most expensive collection is Baseball Cards.
Timmy's most expensive collection is Stamps.
Timmy's most expensive collection is Bottle Cap.
Timmy not collected Baseball cards.
Timmy not collected Bottle caps.
Timmy not collected Sea shells.
Timmy not collected Stamps.
Timmy liked to do Play games these things the most.
Timmy liked to do Play sports these things the most.
Timmy liked to do Collect things these things the most.
Timmy liked to do Collect stamps these things the most.
Pawn almost hurt Pawn.
Queen almost hurt Pawn.
King almost hurt Pawn.
Knight almost hurt Pawn.
Pawn was the greatest person in Board.
Knight was the greatest person in Board.
Rook was the greatest person in Board.
King was the greatest person in Board.
Pawn protected with his new power Bishop.
Pawn protected with his new power Rook.
Pawn protected with his new power Queen.
Pawn protected with his new power King.
the only thing to wasdo in Board help King.
the only thing to wasdo in Board become Queen.
the only thing to wasdo in Board play chess.
the only thing to wasdo in Board meet people.
doesn't using the stool work at first because It isn't tall enough.
doesn't using the stool work at first because it's in the cupboard.
doesn't using the stool work at first because it doesn't reach the edge of the sink.
doesn't using the stool work at first because Jake is too short to use the stool.
 At the beginning of the story, why can't Jake get the oranges his mother told him not to.
 At the beginning of the story, why can't Jake get the oranges he doesn't like them.
 At the beginning of the story, why can't Jake get the oranges they make him itchy.
 At the beginning of the story, why can't Jake get the oranges They are on top of the refrigerator, where he can't reach.
Bananas fruit was not in the house.
Strawberries fruit was not in the house.
Apples fruit was not in the house.
Oranges fruit was not in the house.
Jakedo with the orange once hedoes has it Puts it back on top of the refrigerator.
Jakedo with the orange once hedoes has it Throws it away in the yard waste.
Jakedo with the orange once hedoes has it Puts it in the sink.
Jakedo with the orange once hedoes has it Eats it.
Mark felt name.
Mark felt block.
Mark felt happy.
Mark felt off.
Error was Wendy's dad.
Wendy was Wendy's dad.
Greg was Wendy's dad.
Mark was Wendy's dad.
Mark had to write very.
Mark had to write story.
Mark had to write case.
Mark had to write could.
Mark wanted story.
Mark wanted money.
Mark wanted odd.
Mark wanted bears.
Jamesdoes 2 hours have to play every day for a week to be good at baseball.
Jamesdoes 1 hour have to play every day for a week to be good at baseball.
Jamesdoes 7 hours have to play every day for a week to be good at baseball.
Jamesdoes 5 hours have to play every day for a week to be good at baseball.
James doesdo when his glove rips he gives up.
James doesdo when his glove rips he borrows his brother's glove.
James doesdo when his glove rips he looks for a way to make money.
James doesdo when his glove rips he gets mad and yells.
James needs to practice music.
James needs to practice hockey.
James needs to practice football.
James needs to practice baseball.
James' friend's is name Harry.
James' friend's is name Tommy.
James' friend's is name Arnold.
James' friend's is name Mikey.
Her father was the main character flying a kite with.
Her aunt was the main character flying a kite with.
Her mother was the main character flying a kite with.
Her brother was the main character flying a kite with.
the main character feel about her kites adventure Sad.
the main character feel about her kites adventure Interested by the sights.
the main character feel about her kites adventure Very scared.
the main character feel about her kites adventure Bored.
the main character say it can be dangerous to fly a kite because Because the kite has sharp edges.
the main character say it can be dangerous to fly a kite because Because the kite string got twisted around her.
the main character say it can be dangerous to fly a kite because Because she got caught on the kite and pulled up into the air.
the main character say it can be dangerous to fly a kite because Because she ran too fast with the kite and fell down.
the main character say her dad looks likes on the ground A black dot.
the main character say her dad looks likes on the ground A bear.
the main character say her dad looks likes on the ground An ant.
the main character say her dad looks likes on the ground Nothing.
brown color was the cute puppy.
yellow color was the cute puppy.
black color was the cute puppy.
white color was the cute puppy.
the best gift Rudy was had ever been given a red collar with a name tag.
the best gift Rudy was had ever been given a toy.
the best gift Rudy was had ever been given a bone.
the best gift Rudy was had ever been given a ball.
Rudy and Thomas love to played in the back yard.
Rudy and Thomas love to played in at the park.
Rudy and Thomas love to played in in the garden.
Rudy and Thomas love to played in in the house.
name of Rudy's best friend was Sally.
name of Rudy's best friend was Jacob.
name of Rudy's best friend was Thomas.
name of Rudy's best friend was Rick.
Jessica brought to the pond Lunch and colas.
Jessica brought to the pond Spike.
Jessica brought to the pond Bone.
Jessica brought to the pond Frisbee.
John's puppy's is name Pond.
John's puppy's is name Jessica.
John's puppy's is name John.
John's puppy's is name Spike.
John threw to Spike Leash.
John threw to Spike Frisbee and Bone.
John threw to Spike Colas.
John threw to Spike Lunch.
Spike was John's best friend.
Jessica was John's best friend.
Tom was John's best friend.
Thomas was John's best friend.
Mark did the people sing about.
Horace did the people sing about.
Assassin did the people sing about.
Tim did the people sing about.
Greg was Tim's grandfather.
Jim was Tim's grandfather.
Frank was Tim's grandfather.
Horace was Tim's grandfather.
20 years has Tim ruled.
3 years has Tim ruled.
100 years has Tim ruled.
5 years has Tim ruled.
Mark was Jim's father.
Tim was Jim's father.
Markton was Jim's father.
Greg was Jim's father.
Jane beat the others did at the racing games games.
Jane beat the others did at the cooking games games.
Jane beat the others did at the puzzle games games.
Jane beat the others did at the battle games games.
Jake eats at the diner a cheeseburger with onions.
Jake eats at the diner an onion ring basket.
Jake eats at the diner fish and chips.
Jake eats at the diner a cheese sandwich.
Dave leave Jane's house after only an hour because he has to do his reading homework.
Dave leave Jane's house after only an hour because he has piano practice.
Dave leave Jane's house after only an hour because the others don't like him.
Dave leave Jane's house after only an hour because his mother is waiting for him.
they promise to did the next day hang out at Jane's house.
they promise to did the next day hang out during school.
they promise to did the next day hang out at the diner.
they promise to did the next day hang out after school.
some of the class get to took home, other than stories corn.
some of the class get to took home, other than stories peanuts.
some of the class get to took home, other than stories chickens.
some of the class get to took home, other than stories milk.
chickens tried to bump the children with their heads.
goats tried to bump the children with their heads.
cows tried to bump the children with their heads.
sheep tried to bump the children with their heads.
the Nixon family grew on their farm corn and wheat.
the Nixon family grew on their farm vegetables.
the Nixon family grew on their farm peanuts.
the Nixon family grew on their farm apples and oranges.
cows and horses stayed in the Nixons' barn.
sheep and hogs stayed in the Nixons' barn.
goats and chickens stayed in the Nixons' barn.
dogs and cats stayed in the Nixons' barn.
the child go when he sawed the butterflies in To the movie.
the child go when he sawed the butterflies in To school.
the child go when he sawed the butterflies in In the car.
the child go when he sawed the butterflies in To the zoo in Seattle.
deer, worms and cats such as at the zoo.
wolves, ants and giraffe such as at the zoo.
tigers, bears and snakes such as at the zoo.
penguins, zebras and crocodiles such as at the zoo.
mom get the child to learnt about butterflies a book.
mom get the child to learnt about butterflies an ice cream.
mom get the child to learnt about butterflies a zoo.
mom get the child to learnt about butterflies a movie.
the child afraid of is tigers.
the child afraid of is brother.
the child afraid of is butterflies.
the child afraid of is bears.
Mary know John was a nice maned He played with Buddy and brought her a flower.
Mary know John was a nice maned John was Mary's best friend.
Mary know John was a nice maned He liked to chase balls.
Mary know John was a nice maned He was shy.
Buddy, Mary and John liked todo Visit new places.
Buddy, Mary and John liked todo Take baths.
Buddy, Mary and John liked todo Eat hamburgers.
Buddy, Mary and John liked todo Play fetch.
Buddy barked happily because Because Mary was going to give him a bath.
Buddy barked happily because Because his new friend John became friends with Mary.
Buddy barked happily because Because John gave him a hamburger to eat.
Buddy barked happily because Because he found a beautiful flower to give to Mary.
John was the new friend.
Buddy was the new friend.
a flower was the new friend.
Mary was the new friend.
football sport was George playing by himself.
baseball sport was George playing by himself.
basketball sport was George playing by himself.
soccer sport was George playing by himself.
the bird did in the sky take a poop.
the bird did in the sky eat a worm.
the bird did in the sky fly in a circle then fly away.
the bird did in the sky play with a cloud.
Laura see as she ate the ice creamed cone a boy break his leg.
Laura see as she ate the ice creamed cone a mother yelling.
Laura see as she ate the ice creamed cone a dog running.
Laura see as she ate the ice creamed cone a car crash.
The boys got the ice cream cones.
George got the ice cream cones.
Laura got the ice cream cones.
A stranger got the ice cream cones.
the kids favorite foods at the picnics were Steak and salad.
the kids favorite foods at the picnics were Chicken and coleslaw.
the kids favorite foods at the picnics were Hamburgers and Fries.
the kids favorite foods at the picnics were Hot dogs and chips.
 Can you name two things the people loved to wear Socks and shoes.
 Can you name two things the people loved to wear Shoes and Hats.
 Can you name two things the people loved to wear Hats and Socks.
 Can you name two things the people loved to wear Hats and big warm sweaters.
On the street with different colored houses purple house with yellow stripes wasn't like the others.
On the street with different colored houses green wasn't like the others.
On the street with different colored houses blue wasn't like the others.
On the street with different colored houses red wasn't like the others.
 Can you name two things that were all different colors, shapes and sizes hats and pajamas.
 Can you name two things that were all different colors, shapes and sizes Sweaters and houses.
 Can you name two things that were all different colors, shapes and sizes Hats and socks.
 Can you name two things that were all different colors, shapes and sizes Houses and hats.
 Paws favorite place to live was The house outside the city.
 Paws favorite place to live was The cabin in the woods.
 Paws favorite place to live was The apartment in the city.
 Paws favorite place to live was A house in the woods.
the Jones family lives now in In a cabin in the woods.
the Jones family lives now in Outside the City.
the Jones family lives now in In a house in the woods.
the Jones family lives now in In the City.
Cabin type of homedoes the Jones family live in.
City type of homedoes the Jones family live in.
House type of homedoes the Jones family live in.
Apartment type of homedoes the Jones family live in.
Jones familydoes Paws the cat live with.
Pawsdoes Paws the cat live with.
Peter familydoes Paws the cat live with.
Smith Familydoes Paws the cat live with.
a cat was Chocolate.
a dog was Chocolate.
a lizard was Chocolate.
a turtle was Chocolate.
Chocolate had at the beginning and the end of the story a worn shell.
Chocolate had at the beginning and the end of the story beautiful golden eyes.
Chocolate had at the beginning and the end of the story bright green eyes.
Chocolate had at the beginning and the end of the story a shiny shell.
Lauren hid Chocolate in in a closet.
Lauren hid Chocolate in in a box.
Lauren hid Chocolate in in her backpack.
Lauren hid Chocolate in in the bathtub.
Laurendo to helped Chocolate fed her and put drops in her eyes.
Laurendo to helped Chocolate helped her cross the road and gave her a bath.
Laurendo to helped Chocolate helped her cross the road and put drops in her eyes.
Laurendo to helped Chocolate gave her a bath and fed her.
Jake hit a home run at the end of the game.
Jimmy hit a home run at the end of the game.
Josh hit a home run at the end of the game.
Johnny hit a home run at the end of the game.
the Bluejays team are the Knights playing today.
the Tigers team are the Knights playing today.
the Jets team are the Knights playing today.
the Hawks team are the Knights playing today.
Jimmy plays first base.
Josh plays first base.
Jake plays first base.
Johnny plays first base.
the were nine boys when they started playing baseball.
the were two boys when they started playing baseball.
the were four boys when they started playing baseball.
the were three boys when they started playing baseball.
Bus driver type of job was NOT in the story.
Policeman type of job was NOT in the story.
Milk-maker type of job was NOT in the story.
Fireman type of job was NOT in the story.
Flash did in Catatonia Blew up things and put on bright fireworks shows in the distance.
Flash did in Catatonia Was a fireman.
Flash did in Catatonia Served cheese and cream.
Flash did in Catatonia Was the king.
names of the ruling brothers were Pouncer, Flash and Diggs.
names of the ruling brothers were Diggs, Flash and Spot.
names of the ruling brothers were Cream, Milk and Cheese.
names of the ruling brothers were Pouncer, Kitten and King.
Spotted type of kittens did NOT come to visit Pouncer.
White type of kittens did NOT come to visit Pouncer.
Cheese colored type of kittens did NOT come to visit Pouncer.
Black and White type of kittens did NOT come to visit Pouncer.
morning time of day did Jeff and Forrest go for a walk.
afternoon time of day did Jeff and Forrest go for a walk.
night time of day did Jeff and Forrest go for a walk.
lunchtime time of day did Jeff and Forrest go for a walk.
Jeff think the men did were ghosts because they looked scary.
Jeff think the men did were ghosts because they chased him and his dog.
Jeff think the men did were ghosts because they were howling.
Jeff think the men did were ghosts because they disappeared.
name of Jeff's dog was Scruffy.
name of Jeff's dog was Patches.
name of Jeff's dog was Forrest.
name of Jeff's dog was Rodney.
Jeff and Forrest saw two men.
Jeff and Forrest saw four men.
Jeff and Forrest saw three men.
Jeff and Forrest saw one men.
the blue fish stay together.
the yellow fish stay together.
the red fish stay together.
the sea turtles stay together.
red color was the sea turtle.
blue color was the sea turtle.
green color was the sea turtle.
yellow color was the sea turtle.
Johnny and Daddy went in to the aquarium.
Johnny and Daddy went in to Disney Land.
Johnny and Daddy went in to the ice cream store.
Johnny and Daddy went in to get a hamburger.
Johnny saw first the blue fish.
Johnny saw first the red fish.
Johnny saw first the yellow fish.
Johnny saw first the sea turtle.
Rob like to doesdo at the park walk.
Rob like to doesdo at the park throw a ball.
Rob like to doesdo at the park run.
Rob like to doesdo at the park swing and go down the slide.
by the baseball is field the store.
by the baseball is field the school.
by the baseball is field a rock.
by the baseball is field the park.
throwing makes Rob hungry.
swinging makes Rob hungry.
running makes Rob hungry.
jumping makes Rob hungry.
Black color is Rob.
Red color is Rob.
Brown color is Rob.
White color is Rob.
Mary liked to sew blankets, dresses, and shirts.
Mary liked to sew dresses, shirts, and skirts.
Mary liked to sew quilts, blankets, and shirts.
Mary liked to sew quilts, dresses, and skirts.
the little girl's was name in the story Mary.
the little girl's was name in the story Billie.
the little girl's was name in the story Billy.
the little girl's was name in the story Abby.
Mary's father not want Mary to sewed because Because she never did anything but sew.
Mary's father not want Mary to sewed because Because her friends didn't think she was normal.
Mary's father not want Mary to sewed because Because he thought little girls needed to laugh and play.
Mary's father not want Mary to sewed because Because he didn't like her sewing.
two of Mary's friends' names are Billy and Abby.
two of Mary's friends' names are Johnny and Abby.
two of Mary's friends' names are Billie and Abbie.
two of Mary's friends' names are Jenny and Billy.
Ryan and Adam play at Jared's house football.
Ryan and Adam play at Jared's house basketball.
Ryan and Adam play at Jared's house soccer.
Ryan and Adam play at Jared's house baseball.
football sportdo Ryan and Adam love to play.
baseball sportdo Ryan and Adam love to play.
soccer sportdo Ryan and Adam love to play.
basketball sportdo Ryan and Adam love to play.
the boys get to play on at their school next year on a baseball team.
the boys get to play on at their school next year on a skateboarding team.
the boys get to play on at their school next year on a soccer team.
the boys get to play on at their school next year on a basketball team.
Jared got for his ninth birthday a basketball hoop.
Jared got for his ninth birthday a baseball bat.
Jared got for his ninth birthday a football.
Jared got for his ninth birthday a skateboard.
Mary found in her desk a test.
Mary found in her desk a birthday invitation.
Mary found in her desk a teacher.
Mary found in her desk a sandwich.
Mary felt at the end of the story sad.
Mary felt at the end of the story mad.
Mary felt at the end of the story happy.
Mary felt at the end of the story grumpy.
we was thought not invited to the party Cindy.
we was thought not invited to the party Allison.
we was thought not invited to the party Mary's desk.
we was thought not invited to the party Mary.
this story about was an animal.
this story about was the teacher.
this story about was a birthday party.
this story about was a test.
she travel to sees the boy On an Airplane.
she travel to sees the boy on a Dinosaur.
she travel to sees the boy On a bird.
she travel to sees the boy In a time machine.
the girl NOT imagines Kitties.
the girl NOT imagines Chocolate ice cream.
the girl NOT imagines Birds.
the girl NOT imagines Puppies.
it snowing is in Hawaii.
it snowing is in MR.
it snowing is in Argentina.
it snowing is in Pleiades.
the boy, called Pleiades.
the boy, called Argentina.
the boy, called Eduardo.
the boy, called Eh.
Jessica made Jamie and his friends leave their sandals, watches and hats by the fence.
Mike made Jamie and his friends leave their sandals, watches and hats by the fence.
Joe made Jamie and his friends leave their sandals, watches and hats by the fence.
The lifeguard made Jamie and his friends leave their sandals, watches and hats by the fence.
friends play baseball is in The store.
friends play baseball is in The park.
friends play baseball is in The street.
friends play baseball is in His house.
Jamie and his friends met at the pool Mike and Sally.
Jamie and his friends met at the pool Mike and Joe.
Jamie and his friends met at the pool Jessica, Jenny and Sally.
Jamie and his friends met at the pool Mike and the Lifeguard.
Jamie and Joe bought from the store 2 baseballs and chips.
Jamie and Joe bought from the store Colas and chips.
Jamie and Joe bought from the store Ice Cream.
Jamie and Joe bought from the store 2 baseballs and colas.
Freddy loves His friends.
Freddy loves His bicycle.
Freddy loves His mom.
Freddy loves His dad.
the main character in the story, called Billy.
the main character in the story, called Freddy.
the main character in the story, called Blake.
the main character in the story, called Joey.
In Neighborhood and Hospital places is this story located.
In Neighborhood and Shopping Mall places is this story located.
In Hospital and the Zoo places is this story located.
In Restaurant and Shopping Mall places is this story located.
the main character's friends say to him "Freddy is a girl!" and "You're a little baby!".
the main character's friends say to him "Helmets are for girls!  You're not cool if you wear a helmet!" and "What are you, scared?".
the main character's friends say to him "Did your mommy buy you that helmet?"  and "Helmets are for girls!  You're not cool if you wear a helmet!".
the main character's friends say to him "Quit being such a cry baby" and "What are you, scared?".
 Based on the story, who likely won the race Jane.
 Based on the story, who likely won the race Matt.
 Based on the story, who likely won the race Sarah.
 Based on the story, who likely won the race Stephanie.
Sarah unhappy because Stephanie was her friend.
Sarah unhappy because She did not win the race.
Sarah unhappy because Matt helped her stand up.
Sarah unhappy because Jane gave her a bandage.
Stephanie gave Sarah A rock.
Stephanie gave Sarah A bunny toy.
Stephanie gave Sarah A hug.
Stephanie gave Sarah A bandage.
on Sarah's was shirt shoelace.
on Sarah's was shirt cat.
on Sarah's was shirt rock.
on Sarah's was shirt bunny.
the different types of food are found in the store no food is in the story.
the different types of food are found in the store Turkey and radishes.
the different types of food are found in the store Turkey, chocolate, and radishes.
the different types of food are found in the store Chocolate.
 Mitch's heart is ____, after joining the _____ red, circus.
 Mitch's heart is ____, after joining the _____ blue, CIA.
 Mitch's heart is ____, after joining the _____ green, circus.
 Mitch's heart is ____, after joining the _____ pink, superheroes.
Mitch need to get for his mothered at the store Toys.
Mitch need to get for his mothered at the store A fish soup.
Mitch need to get for his mothered at the store A big turkey.
Mitch need to get for his mothered at the store A lion.
Mickey the mouse was Ted the Walrus before he was a giant walrus.
Mitch was Ted the Walrus before he was a giant walrus.
Ricky the bat was Ted the Walrus before he was a giant walrus.
Dino the dog faced boy was Ted the Walrus before he was a giant walrus.
blue color was door C.
red color was door C.
yellow color was door C.
brown color was door C.
Beta was the leader.
Gamma was the leader.
Alpha was the leader.
Delta was the leader.
blue color was the door that Delta wanted to go in.
yellow color was the door that Delta wanted to go in.
red color was the door that Delta wanted to go in.
brown color was the door that Delta wanted to go in.
blue color was door A.
red color was door A.
yellow color was door A.
brown color was door A.
bouncy makes Danny's sneakers special.
shiny red makes Danny's sneakers special.
pictures of robots makes Danny's sneakers special.
blue stripes makes Danny's sneakers special.
Tommy's birthday is on today.
Tommy's birthday is on last month.
Tommy's birthday is on yesterday.
Tommy's birthday is on next week.
wrong with Tommy's old is bicycle it's not shiny.
wrong with Tommy's old is bicycle it's too small.
wrong with Tommy's old is bicycle it's old.
wrong with Tommy's old is bicycle it's red.
Danny is Tommy's best friend.
Joey's little brother is Tommy's best friend.
Joey is Tommy's best friend.
Bobby is Tommy's best friend.
the interesting was smell Carrots.
the interesting was smell A flower.
the interesting was smell Mushrooms.
the interesting was smell Dirt.
White color is Winston.
Black color is Winston.
Brown color is Winston.
Grey color is Winston.
Francis smelled something interesting.
Winston smelled something interesting.
Chester smelled something interesting.
Acorn smelled something interesting.
the rabbits go to ate everyday in The meadow.
the rabbits go to ate everyday in A forest.
the rabbits go to ate everyday in Their home.
the rabbits go to ate everyday in A road.
the sound of the wind made the old woman nervous.
ghosts made the old woman nervous.
cats made the old woman nervous.
snakes made the old woman nervous.
blowing outside the house was bubbles.
blowing outside the house was a storm.
blowing outside the house was the wind.
blowing outside the house was clouds.
the old woman's little sister still looked five years old.
the house still looked five years old.
her mom and dad still looked five years old.
the bed still looked five years old.
the wind did the younger sister miss.
the old woman did the younger sister miss.
her mom did the younger sister miss.
her pet bunny did the younger sister miss.
Joey's friend did He hugged Joey.
Joey's friend did He kicked Joey.
Joey's friend did He made fun of his stinky breath.
Joey's friend did He gave Joey a high-five.
Joey's mom say would happen if he did brushed his teeth every day He would get smarter.
Joey's mom say would happen if he did brushed his teeth every day He would grow up to be big and strong.
Joey's mom say would happen if he did brushed his teeth every day He would run faster.
Joey's mom say would happen if he did brushed his teeth every day He would get a treat.
Joeydo after his mom did yelled at him He stopped brushing his teeth.
Joeydo after his mom did yelled at him He didn't go back to school.
Joeydo after his mom did yelled at him He only brushed his teeth sometimes.
Joeydo after his mom did yelled at him He brushed his teeth every day after that.
Joey not liked todo He didn't like to go to school.
Joey not liked todo He didn't like to eat his breakfast.
Joey not liked todo He didn't like to brush his teeth.
Joey not liked todo He didn't like his bedtime.
Abby and Molly were bored one Saturday.
Bailey and Kara were bored one Saturday.
Abby and Bailey were bored one Saturday.
Kara and Molly were bored one Saturday.
they made two pitchers of lemonade.
they made four pitchers of lemonade.
they made one pitchers of lemonade.
they made three pitchers of lemonade.
Abby's mom help them set up their stand.
Bailey's mom help them set up their stand.
Molly's mom help them set up their stand.
Kara's mom help them set up their stand.
their was an hour stand open.
their was three days stand open.
their was two days stand open.
their was a half hour stand open.
Chris pull outed of his pocket Airplane.
Chris pull outed of his pocket Paper.
Chris pull outed of his pocket Pencil.
Chris pull outed of his pocket Rock.
Bob's mom works in the school bus.
Bob's mom works in on an airplane.
Bob's mom works in The high school.
Bob's mom works in the middle school.
Chris did the paper airplane hit in the face.
Jim did the paper airplane hit in the face.
Jill did the paper airplane hit in the face.
Jeff did the paper airplane hit in the face.
Chris is Bob's best friend.
Jim is Bob's best friend.
Jill is Bob's best friend.
Jeff is Bob's best friend.
Johnny spend one ice cream and candy four dollars money.
Johnny spend one ice cream and candy nine dollars money.
Johnny spend one ice cream and candy one dollar money.
Johnny spend one ice cream and candy five dollars money.
bird petdoes Johnny play with outside.
Dog petdoes Johnny play with outside.
fish petdoes Johnny play with outside.
cat petdoes Johnny play with outside.
Johnny is nine.
Johnny is eight.
Johnny is four.
Johnny is seven.
Johnny want to eat when hedoes is playing outside ice cream.
Johnny want to eat when hedoes is playing outside pizza.
Johnny want to eat when hedoes is playing outside soda.
Johnny want to eat when hedoes is playing outside candy.
it dangerous for Snowball to get the ball of yarn because Balls of yarn are dangerous for kittens to play with.
it dangerous for Snowball to get the ball of yarn because Jumping is bad for her.
it dangerous for Snowball to get the ball of yarn because She is not allowed to be on the shelf.
it dangerous for Snowball to get the ball of yarn because She is still small, and wasn't used to jumping very high yet.
the kittens playing were in In the living room in the house.
the kittens playing were in The bathroom.
the kittens playing were in Outside.
the kittens playing were in The bedroom.
the kittensdo after they did finished playing with each other Went outside.
the kittensdo after they did finished playing with each other Took a nap.
the kittensdo after they did finished playing with each other Played with their humans.
the kittensdo after they did finished playing with each other Ate their food.
Fuzzy got the ball of yarn.
Snowball got the ball of yarn.
A kitten that is not Fuzzy or Snowball got the ball of yarn.
They got the ball of yarn together got the ball of yarn.
grandmother when they counted all the bridges is in At Bobby's grandmother's school.
grandmother when they counted all the bridges is in In a yellow cab.
grandmother when they counted all the bridges is in At the zoo.
grandmother when they counted all the bridges is in At the top of the Empire State Building.
Bobby and his grandmother get back to her school from the Port Authority bus stoped They took the bus.
Bobby and his grandmother get back to her school from the Port Authority bus stoped They rode in a yellow cab.
Bobby and his grandmother get back to her school from the Port Authority bus stoped They took the train.
Bobby and his grandmother get back to her school from the Port Authority bus stoped They walked.
Bobby bought before taking the elevator to the ground floor A monkey.
Bobby bought before taking the elevator to the ground floor Three postcards and a snow globe.
Bobby bought before taking the elevator to the ground floor Pizza and sodas.
Bobby bought before taking the elevator to the ground floor An ice cream cone.
Bobby's grandmother say she would try to got Train tickets.
Bobby's grandmother say she would try to got Elevator tickets.
Bobby's grandmother say she would try to got Baseball game tickets.
Bobby's grandmother say she would try to got Zoo tickets.
James meet the puppy before he took him homed seven times times.
James meet the puppy before he took him homed five times times.
James meet the puppy before he took him homed two times times.
James meet the puppy before he took him homed three times times.
James doing when he was met the young lady Eating.
James doing when he was met the young lady Walking down the road.
James doing when he was met the young lady Planting a garden.
James doing when he was met the young lady Playing ball.
James named the puppy Spotty.
James named the puppy Brownie.
James named the puppy Jack.
James named the puppy Scoot.
His sister gave James the puppy.
His son gave James the puppy.
a nice young lady gave James the puppy.
His uncle gave James the puppy.
they walked past Park.
they walked past River.
they walked past Garage.
they walked past Library and store.
The grandfather cooked the catfish.
Steve cooked the catfish.
The mothers cooked the catfish.
Me cooked the catfish.
the grandfather got from the garage River.
the grandfather got from the garage Worms.
the grandfather got from the garage Stories.
the grandfather got from the garage Poles, fishing line, hooks.
the grandfather doing in the back yard was Sitting under a tree.
the grandfather doing in the back yard was Being bored.
the grandfather doing in the back yard was Reading.
the grandfather doing in the back yard was Fishing.
couldn't Tumble eat his oatmeal, at first because The oatmeal was too hot to eat.
couldn't Tumble eat his oatmeal, at first because he didn't like hot oatmeal.
couldn't Tumble eat his oatmeal, at first because it wasn't his turtle bowl.
couldn't Tumble eat his oatmeal, at first because his nose was too big for the bowl.
Tumble liked todo eat grass.
Tumble liked todo walk around in the garden and dig small holes to sleep in.
Tumble liked todo take care of Billy.
Tumble liked todo cool down.
Billy's was turtle name Toby.
Billy's was turtle name Tumble.
Billy's was turtle name Tutti.
Billy's was turtle name Timmie.
Billy did everyday after school watch TV.
Billy did everyday after school dig small holes.
Billy did everyday after school walk around the garden.
Billy did everyday after school Feed Tumble a big bowl of oatmeal.
Jenny when her mother gave her the cream for the sunburn was in the beach.
Jenny when her mother gave her the cream for the sunburn was in school.
Jenny when her mother gave her the cream for the sunburn was in home.
Jenny when her mother gave her the cream for the sunburn was in the mall.
Jenny had with her 4 friends.
Jenny had with her 1 friends.
Jenny had with her 2 friends.
Jenny had with her 6 friends.
Jenny and her friends lay down on the towels to enjoyed the sun in The water.
Jenny and her friends lay down on the towels to enjoyed the sun in Home.
Jenny and her friends lay down on the towels to enjoyed the sun in The sand.
Jenny and her friends lay down on the towels to enjoyed the sun in School.
name of the girl with blond hair and blue eyes was Jenny.
name of the girl with blond hair and blue eyes was Helga.
name of the girl with blond hair and blue eyes was Sarah.
name of the girl with blond hair and blue eyes was Suzy.
Timothy is the main character in the story.
Sarah is the main character in the story.
Kate is the main character in the story.
Annabelle is the main character in the story.
Sarah has 1 brothers and sisters.
Sarah has 2 brothers and sisters.
Sarah has 0 brothers and sisters.
Sarah has 3 brothers and sisters.
Timothy Leave because He was bored.
Timothy Leave because he was annoyed.
Timothy Leave because He went home.
Timothy Leave because His friend came.
Annabelle is Annabelle and Sarah's friend.
Kate is Annabelle and Sarah's friend.
Timothy is Annabelle and Sarah's friend.
Sarah is Annabelle and Sarah's friend.
they so were excited in The Fair, and because the rides were fun.
they so were excited in The park, and because Bob the clown was going to be there.
they so were excited in The art show, and because Bob the clown was going to be there.
they so were excited in The fair, and because Bob the clown was going to be there.
The clowns name is Bosco.
The clowns name is Bob.
The clowns name is Sam.
The clowns name is Tim.
Bob the clown doing when Billy and Sandy got to the fair, and what did they have todo before they could was get something from the clown too Handing out cotton candy and candy apples, and pay to get in.
Bob the clown doing when Billy and Sandy got to the fair, and what did they have todo before they could was get something from the clown too Doing a clown dance, and and wait in line.
Bob the clown doing when Billy and Sandy got to the fair, and what did they have todo before they could was get something from the clown too Handing out cotton candy and candy apples, and go on a ride.
Bob the clown doing when Billy and Sandy got to the fair, and what did they have todo before they could was get something from the clown too Handing out cotton candy and candy apples, and wait in line.
Billy and Sandy have todo before they could went to the fair do chores and clean the kitchen.
Billy and Sandy have todo before they could went to the fair rake the lawn and clean their rooms.
Billy and Sandy have todo before they could went to the fair do their chores and clean their rooms.
Billy and Sandy have todo before they could went to the fair sweep the sidewalk and wash the dishes.
Bob find that did were not eaten 400 potatoes.
Bob find that did were not eaten 200 potatoes.
Bob find that did were not eaten 300 potatoes.
Bob find that did were not eaten 600 potatoes.
could the cat not run away because It ate the pumpkin.
could the cat not run away because It was stuck in a well.
could the cat not run away because it ate too many potatoes.
could the cat not run away because It was lazy.
the dog, called Cat.
the dog, called Pumpkin.
the dog, called Bob.
the dog, called Gob.
Bob threw Gob into the house because He chased the duck.
Bob threw Gob into the house because Gob ate a pumpkin.
Bob threw Gob into the house because He ate a potato.
Bob threw Gob into the house because He got hungry.
red color hair did the lady have.
gray color hair did the lady have.
brown color hair did the lady have.
blonde color hair did the lady have.
wrong with the squirrel was It ran into the street.
wrong with the squirrel was It was stuck in a tree.
wrong with the squirrel was It got hurt, and it only had three legs, and it was hungry.
wrong with the squirrel was It had a bent tail.
In the spring, It stuck the peanuts in its mouth and ran away did the squirrel do with the peanuts.
In the spring, It chewed up the peanuts and spit them out did the squirrel do with the peanuts.
In the spring, It put the peanuts in the pool did the squirrel do with the peanuts.
In the spring, It would take the peanuts and dig a hold and hide them, and then it would come back and get some peanuts to eat did the squirrel do with the peanuts.
there were giant squirrels.
there were flying squirrels.
there were Bully squirrels.
there were baby squirrels.
I bought in the store a meat pie.
I bought in the store hot dogs and soda.
I bought in the store a ball.
I bought in the store popcorn, soda, juice, and dog treat.
brown and white color was the dog.
pure white color was the dog.
he was a good dog color was the dog.
he licked my hand color was the dog.
the dog, called Jones.
the dog, called Rin tin tin.
the dog, called Rex.
the dog, called Hazel.
Mr. Jones did he asked, "what are you doing here?".
Mr. Jones did he picked out a treat.
Mr. Jones did he said, "we are closed".
Mr. Jones did he smiled and thanked me for shopping at his store.
Tim's day exciting because Tim and his mother and two little sisters were going to the beach.
Tim's day exciting because Tim and his little sisters were going to have a campfire in the backyard.
Tim's day exciting because Tim and his mother were going to the swimming pool.
Tim's day exciting because Rebecca and Georgia, Tim's sisters, were taking him to the beach.
 Did Tim do anything to pass the time in the van during the trip Tim asked his sisters questions in the van.
 Did Tim do anything to pass the time in the van during the trip Tim played Eye Spy, and 20 Questions with his mother in the van.
 Did Tim do anything to pass the time in the van during the trip Tim did not do anything to pass the time.
 Did Tim do anything to pass the time in the van during the trip Tim played Eye Spy with his sisters in the van.
Tim's family had for a picnic on the beach Tim's family had lemon chicken, macaroni, and a pie for dessert.
Tim's family had for a picnic on the beach Tim's family had cold chicken, macaroni salad, and lemon pie for dessert.
Tim's family had for a picnic on the beach Tim's family had macaroni and cheese, chicken, and a lemon pie for dessert.
Tim's family had for a picnic on the beach Tim's family had chicken salad, and lemon pie for dessert.
the water like when the family was reached the beach The water was warm, and made a lovely sound when it lapped up on the shore, and it also felt great on Tim's toes.
the water like when the family was reached the beach The water was hot when they went swimming.
the water like when the family was reached the beach The water was full of seaweed.
the water like when the family was reached the beach The water was cold.
Molly's cat plays with yarn.
Molly's cat plays with cage.
Molly's cat plays with wheel.
Molly's cat plays with ball.
Molly likes animals.
Molly likes baseball.
Molly likes skating.
Molly likes singing.
Molly's dog's is name Spot.
Molly's dog's is name Spike.
Molly's dog's is name Tom.
Molly's dog's is name Tiger.
Molly's dog plays with ball.
Molly's dog plays with fish.
Molly's dog plays with mouse.
Molly's dog plays with paper.
dog is in At his friend's house.
dog is in The field, forest and neighborhood.
dog is in In the garage.
dog is in By the lake.
 Was Max happy after he was found Yes, he had his human friend back and made a dog friend.
 Was Max happy after he was found Yes, he was lost and glad to be home.
 Was Max happy after he was found Yes, because he could go swimming with Joey again.
 Was Max happy after he was found No, he didn't like Joey so he ran away.
Joey's birthday was on Summer.
Joey's birthday was on Winter.
Joey's birthday was on Fall.
Joey's birthday was on Spring.
Joey's birthday was present A German Shepherd.
Joey's birthday was present Books.
Joey's birthday was present A Cat.
Joey's birthday was present A  Poodle.
Luke's dog is named Squeaky.
Luke's dog is named Bob.
Luke's dog is named Sparky.
Luke's dog is named Freckles.
The pond is on First.
The pond is on Willow.
The pond is on Elm.
The pond is on Vine.
Luke takes in this story He puts on his hat, coat and gloves, and leaves all of them on through the whole story.
Luke takes in this story He puts on his hat, coat, and gloves, but takes them off before going to the pond.
Luke takes in this story He put on his hat, coat and gloves, but later takes off his hat and coat.
Luke takes in this story He puts on his hat, coat, and gloves, but later takes off only his gloves.
Luke and Sparky take to the pond They stay on Vine Street the whole way.
Luke and Sparky take to the pond Across First Street and taking a left turn to Elm Street.
Luke and Sparky take to the pond Down Vine Street, across Willow Street, turning on First Street to Elm Street.
Luke and Sparky take to the pond Down Elm Street, to Willow Street, Turning on Vine Street, to First Street.
Tim was hoped going to get him the bike His friends.
Tim was hoped going to get him the bike His teacher.
Tim was hoped going to get him the bike His parents.
Tim was hoped going to get him the bike His brother.
Tim opening presents because He didn't open any presents.
Tim opening presents because It was his birthday.
Tim opening presents because He was the best kid in class.
Tim opening presents because he won them in a game.
Yellow color was the bike Tim always wanted.
Green color was the bike Tim always wanted.
Red color was the bike Tim always wanted.
Blue color was the bike Tim always wanted.
His Sister hid the bike from Tim.
His Friend hid the bike from Tim.
His Mom hid the bike from Tim.
His Dad hid the bike from Tim.
the family planning to is have for dinner tomorrow chicken and rice.
the family planning to is have for dinner tomorrow chicken, carrots and potatoes.
the family planning to is have for dinner tomorrow chicken soup.
the family planning to is have for dinner tomorrow Thai noodles with chicken and red peppers.
homework thatdoes Amy need help with is English.
homework thatdoes Amy need help with is Math.
homework thatdoes Amy need help with is Art.
homework thatdoes Amy need help with is Social studies.
Joe felt sad because Because Cindy wanted Amy to help her with her homework.
Joe felt sad because Because the chicken was no good.
Joe felt sad because Because he ate an ingredient needed for tomorrow's dinner.
Joe felt sad because Because Cindy went to get a glass of water.
Amy, Joe and Cindy had for dinner only chicken.
Amy, Joe and Cindy had for dinner Chicken soup.
Amy, Joe and Cindy had for dinner chicken, carrots and potatoes.
Amy, Joe and Cindy had for dinner Thai noodles with chicken.
Eliza's favorite was sport that she did Gymnastics.
Eliza's favorite was sport that she did Basketball.
Eliza's favorite was sport that she did Dance.
Eliza's favorite was sport that she did Soccer.
her parents help Eliza with her school work she did was having problems with Focus on dance and not do her schoolwork.
her parents help Eliza with her school work she did was having problems with Let her friends do her homework.
her parents help Eliza with her school work she did was having problems with Stayed at school longer hours.
her parents help Eliza with her school work she did was having problems with Got her extra help outside of the classroom.
Eliza having problems was with the English part of school.
Eliza having problems was with the History part of school.
Eliza having problems was with the Science part of school.
Eliza having problems was with the Math part of school.
the recital that Eliza and Maddy was were practicing for "Beauty and the Beast".
the recital that Eliza and Maddy was were practicing for "The Beauty and the Rain".
the recital that Eliza and Maddy was were practicing for "Beauty is inside our Hearts".
the recital that Eliza and Maddy was were practicing for "We are all Beautiful".
going to the beach were To many people to count! people.
going to the beach were Five people people.
going to the beach were Sam was the only one going to the beach people.
going to the beach were Three, Sam his mom and his dad people.
Sam excited because Because his grandma gave him a pale.
Sam excited because Because he likes sandwiches.
Sam excited because Because he could count.
Sam excited because Because they were going to the beach.
sam's grandma gave him Sam's grandma game him a pale.
sam's grandma gave him Sam's grandma gave him breakfast.
sam's grandma gave him Sam's grandma gave him a sandwich.
sam's grandma gave him Sam's grandma gave him a day at the beach.
they making were They were making a game.
they making were They were making sandwiches.
they making were They were making a pale.
they making were The were making the beach.
the Frisbee costs 75 cents.
the Frisbee costs 75 dollars.
the Frisbee costs 25 cents.
the Frisbee costs 80 cents.
Grace looked for when she left the store Susan and Jeff.
Grace looked for when she left the store Jeff and Grace.
Grace looked for when she left the store Susan and Ginger.
Grace looked for when she left the store Ginger and Jeff.
it lands in a tree happens to the Frisbee when Grace throws it for the last time.
it hits the ground happens to the Frisbee when Grace throws it for the last time.
it flies over Ginger's head happens to the Frisbee when Grace throws it for the last time.
Ginger catches it happens to the Frisbee when Grace throws it for the last time.
Ginger and Grace did the next day found Susan.
Ginger and Grace did the next day ate cookies.
Ginger and Grace did the next day went back to the park, got their Frisbee back, and played again.
Ginger and Grace did the next day talked to Jeff.
Lulu's favorite water bowl is in her favorite water bowl is the fish bowl.
Lulu's favorite water bowl is in her favorite water bowl is on the kitchen floor.
Lulu's favorite water bowl is in her favorite water bowl is in her cage.
Lulu's favorite water bowl is in her favorite water bowl is the cat's water bowl.
Daddy get mad because Lulu never brings her lamb to him when they play fetch.
Daddy get mad because Lulu drinks from Daddy's water glass.
Daddy get mad because Lulu steals Daddy's blanket.
Daddy get mad because Lulu barks at everything and she barks all the time.
Lauren and Alan give to Lulu to sleep with Lauren gives Lulu her doll and Alan gives Lulu his scarf.
Lauren and Alan give to Lulu to sleep with Lauren gives her a toy cat and Alan gives her Grandma's blanket.
Lauren and Alan give to Lulu to sleep with Lauren gives her the lamb and Alan gives her his blanket.
Lauren and Alan give to Lulu to sleep with Lauren gives Lulu her blanket and Alan gives her the lamb.
Alan's toy dog toydoes Lulu like to play with.
her ball toydoes Lulu like to play with.
her blanket toydoes Lulu like to play with.
her lamb toydoes Lulu like to play with.
Mandy likes to paint flowers.
Mandy likes to paint elephants.
Mandy likes to paint bugs.
Mandy likes to paint trees.
Timothy doesdo with Mandy and Andrew watches television.
Timothy doesdo with Mandy and Andrew plays baseball.
Timothy doesdo with Mandy and Andrew goes home.
Timothy doesdo with Mandy and Andrew paints.
Mandy's friend is Sean.
Andrew's mom is Sean.
Timothy's imaginary friend is Sean.
Mandy's teacher is Sean.
Andrew eats after baseball apples.
Andrew eats after baseball his homework.
Andrew eats after baseball carrots.
Andrew eats after baseball cake.
Based on Reading John likes to do, Reading else do you think John would enjoy.
Based on Cooking John likes to do, Cooking else do you think John would enjoy.
Based on Soccer John likes to do, Soccer else do you think John would enjoy.
Based on Watching television John likes to do, Watching television else do you think John would enjoy.
crazy basketball tricksdoes John that enjoy is Side passes.
crazy basketball tricksdoes John that enjoy is Bounce passes.
crazy basketball tricksdoes John that enjoy is Slam dunks.
crazy basketball tricksdoes John that enjoy is Overhead passes.
John proud of his baseball skills because He had a special bat.
John proud of his baseball skills because He once got a home run.
John proud of his baseball skills because He practiced every day and every night.
John proud of his baseball skills because He was a great pitcher.
John likes Clothes.
John likes Books.
John likes Sports.
John likes Video Games.
Max feel when Mary founded him at the end of the story Happy.
Max feel when Mary founded him at the end of the story Angry.
Max feel when Mary founded him at the end of the story Bored.
Max feel when Mary founded him at the end of the story Afraid.
Mary doing in the woods was Picking blueberries.
Mary doing in the woods was Chasing squirrels.
Mary doing in the woods was Napping.
Mary doing in the woods was Visiting a cabin.
Squirrel such as Max.
Cat such as Max.
Rabbit such as Max.
Dog such as Max.
Max ran off because He was afraid.
Max ran off because He heard a loud noise.
Max ran off because He wanted some water.
Max ran off because He chased a squirrel.
it was before Todd made it to the rock One month.
it was before Todd made it to the rock One week.
it was before Todd made it to the rock Two weeks.
it was before Todd made it to the rock Two months.
Todd have todo so his dad would watched him every day Try his hardest.
Todd have todo so his dad would watched him every day Follow his dad to the rock.
Todd have todo so his dad would watched him every day Get to the big rock.
Todd have todo so his dad would watched him every day Not swim too far.
Todd's favorite part of Lake Keet was The plants.
Todd's favorite part of Lake Keet was The big rock.
Todd's favorite part of Lake Keet was The fish.
Todd's favorite part of Lake Keet was The small shells.
Todd's dad celebrate Todd's hard worked He wrote down Todd's name and the date in his notebook.
Todd's dad celebrate Todd's hard worked He carved Todd's name into a tree.
Todd's dad celebrate Todd's hard worked He practiced even harder.
Todd's dad celebrate Todd's hard worked He swam to the rock again.
the bright sun scared Mortamer.
the jungle birds scared Mortamer.
his friend, Johnson playing a trick scared Mortamer.
The black sky and strong winds scared Mortamer.
Mortamer doing when the sky was turned black building a tree house.
Mortamer doing when the sky was turned black looking for food.
Mortamer doing when the sky was turned black playing with his pet snail.
Mortamer doing when the sky was turned black playing with his parents.
Johnson set it on fire happened to Mortamer's house.
It was hidden behind giant black clouds happened to Mortamer's house.
It got smashed when the wind knocked it down happened to Mortamer's house.
It flooded happened to Mortamer's house.
snail such as Mortamer.
monkey such as Mortamer.
a little boy such as Mortamer.
bird such as Mortamer.
the airport finally let Jackson came because Pop argued with the airport workers.
the airport finally let Jackson came because He was very sick and needed help.
the airport finally let Jackson came because He got all of this shots.
the airport finally let Jackson came because There was lots of room on the plane for him.
Hannah Harvey lives in New York.
Hannah Harvey lives in Jackson.
Hannah Harvey lives in Kenya.
Hannah Harvey lives in Africa.
Hannah's dog , called Susan.
Hannah's dog , called Jackson.
Hannah's dog , called Pop.
Hannah's dog , called Harvey.
Hannah's parents acting different when she got home from school because Jackson was sick.
Hannah's parents acting different when she got home from school because Susan was moving.
Hannah's parents acting different when she got home from school because Pop lost his job.
Hannah's parents acting different when she got home from school because Her family was moving to Kenya.
the friend that had a puppy is Janet.
the friend that had a puppy is Jake.
the friend that had a puppy is Joe.
the friend that had a puppy is Jack.
the little boy's name who the story was was about Joe.
the little boy's name who the story was was about Jake.
the little boy's name who the story was was about Jack.
the little boy's name who the story was was about Jon.
Jon's was surprise from his dad the next day a box.
Jon's was surprise from his dad the next day A puppy.
Jon's was surprise from his dad the next day a ball.
Jon's was surprise from his dad the next day a friend.
Jon went to the park because to see the puppy.
Jon went to the park because because his dad went.
Jon went to the park because to play ball.
Jon went to the park because to see his friends.
Sue and Jason bought for the new puppy They bought their new puppy a dog house, food, bowls, and water.
Sue and Jason bought for the new puppy They bought their new puppy food, dog house, dog bone, and leash.
Sue and Jason bought for the new puppy They bought the new puppy bowls, leashes, a dog house, and food.
Sue and Jason bought for the new puppy They bought their new puppy leashes, brushes, combs and a dog house.
Sue and Jason named their new puppy Sue and Jason named their new puppy Rosie.
Sue and Jason named their new puppy Sue and Jason named their new puppy Ike.
Sue and Jason named their new puppy Sue and Jason named their new puppy Roxy.
Sue and Jason named their new puppy Sue and Jason named their new puppy Joe.
their neighbor got the puppy The puppy had followed him in as he was walking to his house.  He had never seen the puppy before and knew it must be lost.
their neighbor got the puppy He called the puppy to his house.  He then took the puppy inside.
their neighbor got the puppy He came outside and saw the puppy sitting on the sidewalk.  He wanted to try to give the puppy a home.
their neighbor got the puppy The puppy came to his door.  He found her when he heard her bark.
the kidsdo to try to found their puppy Sue colored a picture of their new puppy. Jason then put their number on the sign.
the kidsdo to try to found their puppy Sue and Jason put out food for the puppy.  The puppy came back home on his own.
the kidsdo to try to found their puppy They then went down the block and hung pictures on poles and after getting all the signs out, they went home to wait to see if someone would call.  It did not take long.
the kidsdo to try to found their puppy They sat there and waited to see if anyone would call.  They did not wait long.
the puppy used for a bed pillow.
the puppy used for a bed yard.
the puppy used for a bed couch.
the puppy used for a bed bowl.
Chad and the puppy get homed leash.
Chad and the puppy get homed walked.
Chad and the puppy get homed ran.
Chad and the puppy get homed car.
the puppy play fetched in outside.
the puppy play fetched in house.
the puppy play fetched in pet store.
the puppy play fetched in yard.
Chad find the bowls to feed and watered the dog in pet store.
Chad find the bowls to feed and watered the dog in home.
Chad find the bowls to feed and watered the dog in yard.
Chad find the bowls to feed and watered the dog in kitchen.
different about the ice cream truck Lucy was seen at the park It was blue.
different about the ice cream truck Lucy was seen at the park It had more flavors of ice cream.
different about the ice cream truck Lucy was seen at the park It was big.
different about the ice cream truck Lucy was seen at the park It had chocolate flavored ice cream.
couldn't Lucy buy ice cream because Her mom wouldn't let her.
couldn't Lucy buy ice cream because The ice cream truck was too fast.
couldn't Lucy buy ice cream because She didn't have enough money saved.
couldn't Lucy buy ice cream because She forgot her money at home.
All the ice cream was eaten all ready made Lucy sad.
The ice cream truck was gone made Lucy sad.
The ice cream truck didn't have the flavor Lucy wanted made Lucy sad.
The ice cream truck was still there made Lucy sad.
Lucy's mom bring homed for everyone A new dog.
Lucy's mom bring homed for everyone Ice cream.
Lucy's mom bring homed for everyone Frozen yogurt.
Lucy's mom bring homed for everyone An ice cream truck.
10 time did they pick up Jim.
8 time did they pick up Jim.
12 time did they pick up Jim.
9 time did they pick up Jim.
Paul's favorite thing was Ghoster.
Paul's favorite thing was the fair.
Paul's favorite thing was the ride.
Paul's favorite thing was Hank.
Paul's favorite was ride Hank.
Paul's favorite was ride car.
Paul's favorite was ride Ferris.
Paul's favorite was ride Ghoster.
Paul was Paul's mother.
Jim was Paul's mother.
Hank was Paul's mother.
Beth was Paul's mother.
the girl hurt her knee she was in the street.
the girl hurt her knee she had no friends.
the girl hurt her knee she fell down.
the girl hurt her knee the old lady's bike hit her.
the little girl smiled because the little old lady gave her "medicine" to make her knee feel better.
the little girl smiled because she fell down in the street.
the little girl smiled because she was friendly.
the little girl smiled because the little old lady's bike was funny looking.
didn't the little old lady say hello to anyone when she going to the store because she was too busy going to the store.
didn't the little old lady say hello to anyone when she going to the store because she didn't have any friends.
didn't the little old lady say hello to anyone when she going to the store because no one said hello to her first.
didn't the little old lady say hello to anyone when she going to the store because she was little and old.
the old lady whispered to the girl's knee go away, go away, no boo-boos here today.
the old lady whispered to the girl's knee all boo-boos hurt a little.
the old lady whispered to the girl's knee what is wrong dear.
the old lady whispered to the girl's knee oh dear.
Matthew smiled because Because it was time for dinner.
Matthew smiled because Because his dad was home.
Matthew smiled because Because Emily was laughing.
Matthew smiled because Because Bo was a pretty dog.
the boy in the story, called Matthew.
the boy in the story, called Bo.
the boy in the story, called Mother.
the boy in the story, called Emily.
Matthew threw A bar of soap.
Matthew threw A bone.
Matthew threw Emily.
Matthew threw A ball.
Their father told the kids to come inside for dinner.
Their friend told the kids to come inside for dinner.
Their mother told the kids to come inside for dinner.
Bo told the kids to come inside for dinner.
the family deals with Dillon's odd food liking feed him cat food.
the family deals with Dillon's odd food liking spray and yell at him.
the family deals with Dillon's odd food liking chase him.
the family deals with Dillon's odd food liking play with him.
Dillon like to eat that hedoes shouldn't cheese.
Dillon like to eat that hedoes shouldn't flies.
Dillon like to eat that hedoes shouldn't bread.
Dillon like to eat that hedoes shouldn't cat food.
Dillon get into that hedoes shouldn't steak and potatoes.
Dillon get into that hedoes shouldn't fruits, and vegetables.
Dillon get into that hedoes shouldn't flies, spiders and beetles.
Dillon get into that hedoes shouldn't bread, buns, and sandwiches.
orange color cat is Dillon.
black color cat is Dillon.
gray color cat is Dillon.
white color cat is Dillon.
Kacey doesdo and what bad thing happens because of it Kacey tries to climb up to the roof and falls breaking her leg.
Kacey doesdo and what bad thing happens because of it Kacey slams the monster accidentally squashing her brother.
Kacey doesdo and what bad thing happens because of it Kacey stabs the monster causing blood to dirty her dress.
Kacey doesdo and what bad thing happens because of it Kacey punches the monster hurting her hand.
Kacey has Three brothers.
Kacey has Two brothers.
Kacey has Four brothers.
Kacey has One brothers.
the monster say he'lldo if hedoes does not get the jewels Eat Kacey.
the monster say he'lldo if hedoes does not get the jewels Punch Kacey in the face.
the monster say he'lldo if hedoes does not get the jewels Kidnap Kacey's mom.
the monster say he'lldo if hedoes does not get the jewels Eat both of Kacey's brothers.
Kacey attack the monster because She knows she is very strong.
Kacey attack the monster because She could not find the guards.
Kacey attack the monster because She and the monster hate each other.
Kacey attack the monster because She wants to show she is brave.
Susan call to invite to her partied Five friends.
Susan call to invite to her partied Two friends.
Susan call to invite to her partied Three friends.
Susan call to invite to her partied Four friends.
Susan sad because Her friends did not get the thank you cards.
Susan sad because Her friends are sick.
Susan sad because Her friends did not bring her presents.
Susan sad because Her friends might not make it to her party.
Susan send out thanked you cards to her friends because Her friends sent her birthday cards.
Susan send out thanked you cards to her friends because Her friends brought her gifts at the party.
Susan send out thanked you cards to her friends because Just to thank them for being her friends.
Susan send out thanked you cards to her friends because To thank them for sending money to her.
Susan want to threw a party because For her own birthday.
Susan want to threw a party because For a friend going out of town.
Susan want to threw a party because For a thank you gift.
Susan want to threw a party because For a sick friend.
Sammy barking at was a dog.
Sammy barking at was a cat.
Sammy barking at was a bug.
Sammy barking at was a toad.
Tommy and Sammy did for the day went fishing.
Tommy and Sammy did for the day went frog hunting.
Tommy and Sammy did for the day went biking.
Tommy and Sammy did for the day went rock climbing.
the first thing Tommy was did in the morning Opened his window.
the first thing Tommy was did in the morning Ate breakfast.
the first thing Tommy was did in the morning Feed Martha.
the first thing Tommy was did in the morning put on his clothes.
Tommy's dogs is name Martha.
Tommy's dogs is name Zoe.
Tommy's dogs is name Tommy.
Tommy's dogs is name Sammy.
the children and chipmunk do for 90 days The children work and the chipmunk plays.
the children and chipmunk do for 90 days The children swim and the chipmunk makes lemonade.
the children and chipmunk do for 90 days The children go to school and the chipmunk sleeps.
the children and chipmunk do for 90 days What do the children and the chipmunk do for the children play and the chipmunk works.
the chipmunk eats dirt and needles.
the chipmunk eats grass and trees.
the chipmunk eats berries and flowers.
the chipmunk eats berries and pine cones.
our mom gathers pine cones.
the flowers gathers pine cones.
The chipmunk gathers pine cones.
the children gathers pine cones.
the chipmunk use to rolls the pine cones the mountains.
the chipmunk use to rolls the pine cones the roof.
the chipmunk use to rolls the pine cones the snow.
the chipmunk use to rolls the pine cones the grass.
He quit the drums after 2 years happened to the boy.
He became a drummer in the most popular rock band in the world happened to the boy.
He didn't get the drums happened to the boy.
He switched to playing guitar happened to the boy.
the boy pick an instrumented because His brother played an instrument.
the boy pick an instrumented because He thought guitars were cool.
the boy pick an instrumented because His parents thought it was important.
the boy pick an instrumented because He wanted to join the school band.
the boy not want to played the guitar because They had too many strings.
the boy not want to played the guitar because They were too popular.
the boy not want to played the guitar because He had soft fingers.
the boy not want to played the guitar because He couldn't reach the strings.
The Dad talked the Mom into letting the boy get the drums.
The Worker talked the Mom into letting the boy get the drums.
The drums came alive and talked to the mom talked the Mom into letting the boy get the drums.
The Boy talked the Mom into letting the boy get the drums.
Abby and Emma doing outside at the beginning are picking flowers.
Abby and Emma doing outside at the beginning are walking.
Abby and Emma doing outside at the beginning are watching the sky.
Abby and Emma doing outside at the beginning are playing.
Emma has 3 flowers.
Emma has 2 flowers.
Emma has 4 flowers.
Emma has 5 flowers.
the pail that the girls use to is get the mud white.
the pail that the girls use to is get the mud blue.
the pail that the girls use to is get the mud pink.
the pail that the girls use to is get the mud yellow.
Emma is birthday is it in the story.
their father is birthday is it in the story.
Abby is birthday is it in the story.
their mother is birthday is it in the story.
red color are our plates.
white color are our plates.
blue color are our plates.
green color are our plates.
meat was not eaten at dinner.
peas was not eaten at dinner.
salad was not eaten at dinner.
corn was not eaten at dinner.
In pick corn did I not help my mother.
In fill a pot with water did I not help my mother.
In wash dishes did I not help my mother.
In put peas in a bowl did I not help my mother.
Mary can spell one words.
Mary can spell four words.
Mary can spell zero words.
Mary can spell two words.
the town leader asked the dad todo Get vegetables for everyone.
the town leader asked the dad todo cut down large trees to build a wall to stop the water.
the town leader asked the dad todo Become the leader of the town.
the town leader asked the dad todo Run up and down the street to tell everyone.
the dad doesdo for work He makes clothes.
the dad doesdo for work He cuts wood.
the dad doesdo for work He grows vegetables.
the dad doesdo for work He is a police man.
A large fire burned it down happened to the town.
People ran out of wood happened to the town.
A big storm flooded it and the wall worked happened to the town.
The town leader was lost happened to the town.
the family has Five children.
the family has Two children.
the family has three children.
the family has One children.
color of the toy car was green.
color of the toy car was blue.
color of the toy car was red.
color of the toy car was pink.
the boys meet, and what did they played with in park, and a blue toy truck and red toy car.
the boys meet, and what did they played with in toy store, and a blue toy truck and red toy car.
the boys meet, and what did they played with in beach, and a blue toy truck and red toy car.
the boys meet, and what did they played with in sand box, and a blue toy truck and red toy car.
color of the toy truck was yellow.
color of the toy truck was green.
color of the toy truck was red.
color of the toy truck was blue.
the boys build and what did they called it a tree house, and the tree palace.
the boys build and what did they called it a tree house, and the tree castle.
the boys build and what did they called it a fort, and the tree castle.
the boys build and what did they called it a tree house, and the tree fort.
Mom did the boy ask to help him with his choice.
Sister did the boy ask to help him with his choice.
Brother did the boy ask to help him with his choice.
Dad did the boy ask to help him with his choice.
the boy have for lunched before the story Hamburgers.
the boy have for lunched before the story Pizza.
the boy have for lunched before the story Salads.
the boy have for lunched before the story Cookies.
the boy not found in the fridge Bacon.
the boy not found in the fridge Doughnut.
the boy not found in the fridge Broccoli.
the boy not found in the fridge Grilled Chicken.
the boy end uped picking to eat Broccoli.
the boy end uped picking to eat Grilled Chicken.
the boy end uped picking to eat A Salad.
the boy end uped picking to eat Steak.
Phoebe start to cry after she did spoke to the police because Her door was broken.
Phoebe start to cry after she did spoke to the police because A robber attacked her.
Phoebe start to cry after she did spoke to the police because She had no money to buy a new television set or stereo, and she was scared that the robbers might try to break into her house again.
Phoebe start to cry after she did spoke to the police because There was a robber in her house.
Her friend Mary was the first phone call that Phoebe made to after she found that her house had been broken into.
The police was the first phone call that Phoebe made to after she found that her house had been broken into.
The robber was the first phone call that Phoebe made to after she found that her house had been broken into.
A detective was the first phone call that Phoebe made to after she found that her house had been broken into.
Mary told Phoebe todo Change her lock and call a detective.
Mary told Phoebe todo Buy a new television set.
Mary told Phoebe todo Call the police.
Mary told Phoebe todo Buy a new stereo.
missing from Phoebe's living room was A book.
missing from Phoebe's living room was A television set and stereo.
missing from Phoebe's living room was A clock.
missing from Phoebe's living room was A purse.
dogs are Jim and Linda.
our neighbors are Jim and Linda.
circus clowns are Jim and Linda.
pilots are Jim and Linda.
we have 3 dogs and 2 cats dogs and cats.
we have 2 dogs and 3 cats dogs and cats.
we have 1 dog and  cats dogs and cats.
we have 4 dogs and no cats dogs and cats.
Jim and Linda did when they dropped Reggie off Lina played piano and Jim sang.
Jim and Linda did when they dropped Reggie off Linda danced and Jim told jokes.
Jim and Linda did when they dropped Reggie off Linda brought us a pie.
Jim and Linda did when they dropped Reggie off Jim played guitar and they both sang.
Jim and Linda's dog , called Charles.
Jim and Linda's dog , called Spot.
Jim and Linda's dog , called Reggie.
Jim and Linda's dog , called Bow Wow.
This is a story of a girl and Cat kind of animal.
This is a story of a girl and Dog kind of animal.
This is a story of a girl and Frog kind of animal.
This is a story of a girl and Mouse kind of animal.
The girl and her dog went walking into A field.
The girl and her dog went walking into The woods.
The girl and her dog went walking into A park.
The girl and her dog went walking into A garden.
the girl and dog meet, and what did the animal did a cat and the cat clawed.
the girl and dog meet, and what did the animal did a bear and the bear smiled.
the girl and dog meet, and what did the animal did a horse and the horse jumped.
the girl and dog meet, and what did the animal did a bear and the bear chased them.
it like in the woods, and what did the girl was feel like breezy and the girl was excited.
it like in the woods, and what did the girl was feel like Dark and cold, and the girl was happy.
it like in the woods, and what did the girl was feel like Wet and warm and the girl was scared.
it like in the woods, and what did the girl was feel like Dark and cold, and she was Scared.
Jimmy pleased first by playing the piano loud Brother.
Jimmy pleased first by playing the piano loud Jimmy.
Jimmy pleased first by playing the piano loud Mom.
Jimmy pleased first by playing the piano loud Dad.
Jimmy pleased last when he played the piano in the middle volume Mom.
Jimmy pleased last when he played the piano in the middle volume Just Jimmy.
Jimmy pleased last when he played the piano in the middle volume Jimmy, his mom, and his brother.
Jimmy pleased last when he played the piano in the middle volume Brother.
the second instrument that Jimmy was tried to play Flute.
the second instrument that Jimmy was tried to play Piano.
the second instrument that Jimmy was tried to play Accordion.
the second instrument that Jimmy was tried to play Guitar.
the instrument that Jimmy was played first Oboe.
the instrument that Jimmy was played first Flute.
the instrument that Jimmy was played first Piano.
the instrument that Jimmy was played first Guitar.
it when the cat was arrived in April.
it when the cat was arrived in March.
it when the cat was arrived in February.
it when the cat was arrived in January.
the kids went to the garage because Dad sent them to get some rags to help wash the car.
the kids went to the garage because They wanted to see the cat.
the kids went to the garage because Dad told them to help Mom with the groceries.
the kids went to the garage because They wanted to ride their bikes.
She lived in John and Anna's grandparents' barn happened to the mother cat.
She went to the pound happened to the mother cat.
The family kept her, but gave the kittens away happened to the mother cat.
The family kept her and her kittens happened to the mother cat.
they named the mother cat Socks.
they named the mother cat Spike.
they named the mother cat Lucky.
they named the mother cat Butterscotch.
Shelly had to let Shelly get a new puppy.
her mommy and daddy had to let Shelly get a new puppy.
her mommy had to let Shelly get a new puppy.
her daddy had to let Shelly get a new puppy.
Shelly found the right puppy Looking in each cage and then getting the worker to take the black and white one out of the cage.
Shelly found the right puppy Looking in each cage and drawing straws.
Shelly found the right puppy Getting in each cage and asking her mommy to take a picture.
Shelly found the right puppy Riding a bike past all the cages.
her mommy and daddy took Shelly to the dog pound to get her new puppy.
her mommy took Shelly to the dog pound to get her new puppy.
a worker took Shelly to the dog pound to get her new puppy.
her daddy took Shelly to the dog pound to get her new puppy.
Shelly named her new puppy Shelly.
Shelly named her new puppy daddy.
Shelly named her new puppy mommy.
Shelly named her new puppy Spot.
Josh turning was 10.
Josh turning was 8.
Josh turning was 7.
Josh turning was 9.
Josh and his mom got at the store Broccoli.
Josh and his mom got at the store Hot Dogs.
Josh and his mom got at the store Corn.
Josh and his mom got at the store Cake.
John was the first person to get to the party.
Amanda was the first person to get to the party.
Jane was the first person to get to the party.
Ryan was the first person to get to the party.
there a pool party because It was Josh's Birthday.
there a pool party because It was winter.
there a pool party because It was a really hot super day.
there a pool party because It was a holiday.
the lions wait to see.
the bears wait to see.
the monkeys wait to see.
the elephants wait to see.
Jenny and Katie going to the circus were on Tuesday morning.
Jenny and Katie going to the circus were on Tuesday afternoon.
Jenny and Katie going to the circus were on Saturday afternoon.
Jenny and Katie going to the circus were on Saturday morning.
their dad is taking Jenny and Katie to the circus.
their grandpa is taking Jenny and Katie to the circus.
their mom is taking Jenny and Katie to the circus.
their grandma is taking Jenny and Katie to the circus.
couldn't Katie and Jenny sleep because They could not wait to go to the circus.
couldn't Katie and Jenny sleep because They had to do chores.
couldn't Katie and Jenny sleep because They had to feed the elephants.
couldn't Katie and Jenny sleep because They had a pet monkey.
Lily ate dinner in at home.
Lily ate dinner in she didn't eat dinner.
Lily ate dinner in at Jake's house.
Lily ate dinner in at Molly's house.
Molly and Lily played tag, hide and seek, and racing.
Molly and Lily played racing and tag.
Molly and Lily played no games.
Molly and Lily played tag and hide and seek.
Lily was a bear.
Lily was a bird.
Lily was a fish.
Lily was a frog.
name of Lily's friend was Jake.
name of Lily's friend was Molly.
name of Lily's friend was Megan.
name of Lily's friend was James.
John get home from schools Takes the bus.
John get home from schools Rides his bike.
John get home from schools His teacher gives him a ride.
John get home from schools Walks.
Second grade is John in.
Third grade is John in.
First grade is John in.
Ninth grade is John in.
the other kids stoped throwing snowballs at John because The teacher stopped them.
the other kids stoped throwing snowballs at John because The pretty girl told them not to.
the other kids stoped throwing snowballs at John because They did not want to get in trouble.
the other kids stoped throwing snowballs at John because They were gone when John got out of school.
John get bettered at math other kids helped him.
John get bettered at math he read his math book.
John get bettered at math he studied a lot.
John get bettered at math his teacher helped him.
she going to meet was in To the creek to sun-bathe.
she going to meet was in To the flower shop to buy her mom flowers.
she going to meet was in To the creek to fish, and to meet Ethan.
she going to meet was in To the dress shop where her mom worked.
They laughed happened when Ethan saw Ashley.
He scared her happened when Ethan saw Ashley.
She saw him before he saw her happened when Ethan saw Ashley.
He gave her a hug happened when Ethan saw Ashley.
the little girl, called Ethan.
the little girl, called Ashley.
the little girl, called Emma.
the little girl, called Isabella.
Did Ashley and Ethan catch any fish? If so Two.
Did Ashley and Ethan catch any fish? If so One.
Did Ashley and Ethan catch any fish? If so Three.
Did Ashley and Ethan catch any fish? If so No.
tree color was Jim.
Earth color was Jim.
blue color was Jim.
red color was Jim.
Bob's son's was name John.
Bob's son's was name Francine.
Bob's son's was name Frank.
Bob's son's was name Bob.
Frank apologized to Woof.
Frank apologized to John.
Frank apologized to Bob.
Frank apologized to Gail.
John's dog's was name Gail.
John's dog's was name Bob.
John's dog's was name Woof.
John's dog's was name Frank.
birds type of animal did Emily and Evelyn visit first at the zoo.
giraffes type of animal did Emily and Evelyn visit first at the zoo.
monkeys type of animal did Emily and Evelyn visit first at the zoo.
rhinos type of animal did Emily and Evelyn visit first at the zoo.
the mom enjoyed feeding crackers to the giraffes.
Emily enjoyed feeding crackers to the giraffes.
Evelyn enjoyed feeding crackers to the giraffes.
both Emily and Evelyn enjoyed feeding crackers to the giraffes.
Emily fed to the birds a popsicle.
Emily fed to the birds crackers.
Emily fed to the birds ice cream.
Emily fed to the birds seeds.
a cup of chocolate ice cream type of ice cream did Evelyn eat.
a chocolate ice cream cone type of ice cream did Evelyn eat.
a cup of chocolate and vanilla swirled type of ice cream did Evelyn eat.
a cup of vanilla ice cream type of ice cream did Evelyn eat.
Tom's favorite part of is school Recess.
Tom's favorite part of is school Math.
Tom's favorite part of is school Bus ride.
Tom's favorite part of is school Snacks.
Tom brushed when he woke up The table.
Tom brushed when he woke up Backpack.
Tom brushed when he woke up Hair and Teeth.
Tom brushed when he woke up Pencil.
Tom asked for a pencil The teacher.
Tom asked for a pencil Jim.
Tom asked for a pencil his mom.
Tom asked for a pencil Bethany and Dena.
Jim is Tom's best friend.
Tom is Tom's best friend.
Dena is Tom's best friend.
Bethany is Tom's best friend.
Joe's mom took him to the mall on the next day.
Joe's mom took him to the mall on in five hours.
Joe's mom took him to the mall on Later in the day after he ate dinner.
Joe's mom took him to the mall on in a month.
Joe want his mom to gave him clothes.
Joe want his mom to gave him a hug.
Joe want his mom to gave him food.
Joe want his mom to gave him Money.
Joe became sad because he ate his vegetables.
Joe became sad because the toy was gone.
Joe became sad because A fire truck blocked the street to save a cat.
Joe became sad because there was a car accident.
at the store was one of the toy Joe wanted.
at the store was five of the toy Joe wanted.
at the store was two of the toy Joe wanted.
at the store was three of the toy Joe wanted.
 Did June have a book in her backpack June did not have a backpack.
 Did June have a book in her backpack Yes, June had a book in her backpack.
 Did June have a book in her backpack No, June had a tree in her backpack.
 Did June have a book in her backpack Mary had the book.
June giggling because Because Mary had a dog.
June giggling because Because she thought Mary was funny.
June giggling because Because it was raining.
June giggling because Because the rain was ticking her.
 Were Mary and June friends June is Mary's sister.
 Were Mary and June friends Yes, Mary and June were friends.
 Were Mary and June friends No, Mary and Just don't like each other.
 Were Mary and June friends Mary is Junes Dog.
Mary think the rain was meant because Because it made June giggle.
Mary think the rain was meant because Because it was getting her wet.
Mary think the rain was meant because Because it was getting her cat wet.
Mary think the rain was meant because Because it was raining on her outside toys, the sidewalk, the swings and her dog Dean.
Jimmy wasn't playing hide and seek with Tommy his friends.
Jimmy wasn't playing hide and seek with Timmy his friends.
Jimmy wasn't playing hide and seek with Suzy his friends.
Jimmy wasn't playing hide and seek with Jimmy his friends.
 Jimmy likes all of the following desserts except Cherry Pie.
 Jimmy likes all of the following desserts except Chocolate cake.
 Jimmy likes all of the following desserts except Vanilla Pudding.
 Jimmy likes all of the following desserts except Pizza.
Jimmy really want to did the most have fun.
Jimmy really want to did the most Play hide and go seek.
Jimmy really want to did the most Eat lunch.
Jimmy really want to did the most Play tag.
Jimmy not ate Dinner.
Jimmy not ate Lunch.
Jimmy not ate Dessert.
Jimmy not ate Breakfast.
Spike like to rolls in Perfume.
Spike like to rolls in Chocolate.
Spike like to rolls in Snow.
Spike like to rolls in Dirt.
Oliver and Spike watch the rain through the window on On rainy days.
Oliver and Spike watch the rain through the window on On Christmas Day.
Oliver and Spike watch the rain through the window on When they are tired.
Oliver and Spike watch the rain through the window on On Tuesdays.
Oliver and Spike chase in the backyard Bugs.
Oliver and Spike chase in the backyard Mice.
Oliver and Spike chase in the backyard Birds.
Oliver and Spike chase in the backyard Dogs.
Grey color is Spike's nose.
White color is Spike's nose.
Purple color is Spike's nose.
Pink color is Spike's nose.
the dog's was name Julia.
the dog's was name Bart.
the dog's was name Buddy.
the dog's was name Brindle.
Julia not get her allowanced because Because she was very loud.
Julia not get her allowanced because Because she had bad grades.
Julia not get her allowanced because Because she wanted a new doll.
Julia not get her allowanced because Because she did not feed the dog.
Julia's big chore in the story was Dusting the house.
Julia's big chore in the story was Feeding the dog.
Julia's big chore in the story was Doing the dishes.
Julia's big chore in the story was Washing her clothes.
Julia want her allowanced because She wanted to buy candy.
Julia want her allowanced because She wanted to buy Buddy a toy.
Julia want her allowanced because She wanted to save it up for a game.
Julia want her allowanced because She wanted the new doll all her friends had.
Ellie likes to eat leaves.
Ellie likes to eat cotton candy.
Ellie likes to eat peanuts.
Ellie likes to eat popcorn.
Ava crying because She was mad.
Ava crying because She was hungry for peanuts.
Ava crying because She lost her parents.
Ava crying because She fell down.
Ellie lives in City.
Ellie lives in Forest.
Ellie lives in Zoo.
Ellie lives in Circus.
Ava dug for a bag of peanuts because Ellie's stomach growled.
Ava dug for a bag of peanuts because The clowns wanted it.
Ava dug for a bag of peanuts because Ava was hungry.
Ava dug for a bag of peanuts because There was a squirrel.
orange and white striped color was Cotton's fur.
black color was Cotton's fur.
White color was Cotton's fur.
brown color was Cotton's fur.
That she couldn't paint herself orange and white made Cotton sad.
That her sister laughed at her made Cotton sad.
That her fur was a different color than her family's made Cotton sad.
That her Mommy dropped her in to a bucket of water made Cotton sad.
Cottondo to herself that did made her mommy and sisters laugh She painted herself black and blue.
Cottondo to herself that did made her mommy and sisters laugh She painted herself orange and white.
Cottondo to herself that did made her mommy and sisters laugh She painted green stripes on herself.
Cottondo to herself that did made her mommy and sisters laugh She painted herself pink and purple.
a bird family also lived in the barn with Cotton and her family.
horses also lived in the barn with Cotton and her family.
a spider also lived in the barn with Cotton and her family.
the farmer also lived in the barn with Cotton and her family.
Daddy Rover brought with them for the day a bouncy ball and a baseball bat.
Daddy Rover brought with them for the day an umbrella and a sand bucket.
Daddy Rover brought with them for the day bones, chew sticks, a frisbee and a shoe.
Daddy Rover brought with them for the day a wagon and suntan lotion.
their best friend Paulie did the Rovers meet during the day.
their friends from work did the Rovers meet during the day.
their neighbors, the Fidos did the Rovers meet during the day.
a family of cats did the Rovers meet during the day.
the Rover family bring homes at the end of the day shells from the beach.
the Rover family bring homes at the end of the day a sand castle in a wagon.
the Rover family bring homes at the end of the day leftover food in doggie bags.
the Rover family bring homes at the end of the day gifts from the hotel shop.
the Rover family goes for the day in to a dog hotel.
the Rover family goes for the day in to the movies.
the Rover family goes for the day in to the dog park.
the Rover family goes for the day in to the beach.
the purple dragon's is name Luna.
the purple dragon's is name Charlie.
the purple dragon's is name Banton.
the purple dragon's is name Milkyway.
the king's is name Luna.
the king's is name Milkyway.
the king's is name Banton.
the king's is name Charlie.
the men went to the village because They were running from the fighting and needed their things.
the men went to the village because To make food for The Dragons.
the men went to the village because They were getting sleepy and needed sleep.
the men went to the village because The villagers found new homes in the hills.
the villagers packed their things because To give their homes to the Dragons.
the villagers packed their things because In hopes of new homes.
the villagers packed their things because They found new homes in the Hills.
the villagers packed their things because To leave the village with the King, and his men.
Justin talked to when he went downstairs Sister.
Justin talked to when he went downstairs Neighbor.
Justin talked to when he went downstairs Mom.
Justin talked to when he went downstairs Dad.
Justin excited to wake up because Cartoons.
Justin excited to wake up because First day of school.
Justin excited to wake up because Birthday.
Justin excited to wake up because Christmas.
one of the games Justin was played with his Friends Soccer.
one of the games Justin was played with his Friends Hide and seek.
one of the games Justin was played with his Friends Tag.
one of the games Justin was played with his Friends Tennis.
one of the presents Justin was got Football.
one of the presents Justin was got Basketball.
one of the presents Justin was got Books.
one of the presents Justin was got Clothes.
Red color is the ball.
Black color is the ball.
Gold color is the ball.
Blue color is the ball.
Neighbor is Oscar.
Cat is Oscar.
Goldfish is Oscar.
Puppy is Oscar.
Tommy likes to play Tag.
Tommy likes to play Swim.
Tommy likes to play Tricks.
Tommy likes to play Ball.
Snow meets me in Dog House.
Snow meets me in Door.
Snow meets me in Tree.
Snow meets me in School.
Scap invited Scoop to the party.
his mom invited Scoop to the party.
his dad invited Scoop to the party.
his sister invited Scoop to the party.
gorilla such as Scoop.
dog such as Scoop.
cat such as Scoop.
giraffe such as Scoop.
 Did Scoop go to the party yes.
 Did Scoop go to the party There was no party.
 Did Scoop go to the party He went to the movies.
 Did Scoop go to the party no.
Scoop embarrassed to go the party because He was missing a leg.
Scoop embarrassed to go the party because His neck was very short.
Scoop embarrassed to go the party because He didn't have any spots.
Scoop embarrassed to go the party because He was a donkey.
Rex looking is forward to about going home Sylvia rubbing his ears and feeding him.
Rex looking is forward to about going home Going to sleep.
Rex looking is forward to about going home Digging a hole in the yard.
Rex looking is forward to about going home Sylvia taking him for a walk.
Rex stop running after he escapes because He gets bored.
Rex stop running after he escapes because His legs get tired.
Rex stop running after he escapes because He gets lost.
Rex stop running after he escapes because He gets hungry.
Rex lives with Sylvia.
Rex lives with Fido.
Rex lives with Bob.
Rex lives with Cathy.
Rex escapes the yard He digs a hole under the fence.
Rex escapes the yard He jumps over the gate.
Rex escapes the yard A neighbor lets him out.
Rex escapes the yard Sylvia leaves the gate open.
Sophie did Jumping jacks and running.
Sophie did Stretching when she got out of bed.
Sophie did Sophie didn't exercise because she didn't have time.
Sophie did Sitting in front of her television and playing games.
Sophie had for breakfast Sophie had orange juice and oatmeal.
Sophie had for breakfast Sophie had apple juice and cereal.
Sophie had for breakfast Sophie had orange juice and eggs.
Sophie had for breakfast Sophie had orange juice and cereal.
the first thing Sophie was did after she got dressed She poured herself orange juice.
the first thing Sophie was did after she got dressed She put on her running shoes.
the first thing Sophie was did after she got dressed She went to the kitchen.
the first thing Sophie was did after she got dressed She thought for a second and then looked at the clock.
Sophie felt strange that morning because Because she ate bad food the day before.
Sophie felt strange that morning because Because she drank orange juice.
Sophie felt strange that morning because Because she forgot to exercise.
Sophie felt strange that morning because Because she didn't sleep well.
they eat at the party and what did was the best part cake and snacks and when the clown arrived.
they eat at the party and what did was the best part hotdogs and when the played pool games.
they eat at the party and what did was the best part Cake and Snacks, and played pool games.
they eat at the party and what did was the best part hamburgers and when they used the floats.
25 friends were invited to the party.
About 3 friends were invited to the party.
About 20 friends were invited to the party.
Only 5 friends were invited to the party.
A girl and her brother was having the party.
A girl and her sister was having the party.
3 friends from school was having the party.
Two teachers from school was having the party.
the last thing todo after the party, and what did the kids look was forward too drive everyone home, and the next pool party.
the last thing todo after the party, and what did the kids look was forward too clean up and the next pool race.
the last thing todo after the party, and what did the kids look was forward too clean up, and the next school dance.
the last thing todo after the party, and what did the kids look was forward too clean up, and the next pool party.
David catch lasted Saturday one catfish.
David catch lasted Saturday two catfish.
David catch lasted Saturday ten catfish.
David catch lasted Saturday three catfish.
blue and is green in color fishing pole.
blue and is green in color boat.
blue and is green in color catfish.
blue and is green in color birthday cake.
his grandpa takes David to fish at the river.
his dad takes David to fish at the river.
his uncle takes David to fish at the river.
his brother takes David to fish at the river.
can't David sleep tonight because His grandpa is taking him to the lake.
can't David sleep tonight because He can buy a boat tomorrow.
can't David sleep tonight because His dad is taking him fishing tomorrow.
can't David sleep tonight because He is going to the ocean.
mom went to kiss dad good night.
chicken breast went to kiss dad good night.
little boy went to kiss dad good night.
salad went to kiss dad good night.
dad put on chicken breast vegetables.
dad put on chicken breast salad.
dad put on chicken breast hot sauce.
dad put on chicken breast nothing.
mom cooked chicken breast.
cook cooked chicken breast.
dad cooked chicken breast.
little boy cooked chicken breast.
dad said to mom when she apologized Give me something else to eat.
dad said to mom when she apologized I love you.
dad said to mom when she apologized You don't know how to cook.
dad said to mom when she apologized Dear, I love burnt chicken breast.
Cindy left her phone with Tony because It was too heavy.
Cindy left her phone with Tony because It was old.
Cindy left her phone with Tony because She didn't want to break it.
Cindy left her phone with Tony because It was in her backpack.
riding their bikes at the empty lot when Tony and Cindy were got there Tony and Cindy.
riding their bikes at the empty lot when Tony and Cindy were got there Billy, Chris and Lana.
riding their bikes at the empty lot when Tony and Cindy were got there Lana, Cindy and Billy.
riding their bikes at the empty lot when Tony and Cindy were got there Just Chris.
Tony saw Cindy riding her bike, she was most likely on On her way to a softball team practice.
Tony saw Cindy riding her bike, she was most likely on On her way home from school.
Tony saw Cindy riding her bike, she was most likely on On her way to the store for milk.
Tony saw Cindy riding her bike, she was most likely on Going for a weekend ride.
 Will Cindy's mom let her ride her bike at the empty lot No.
 Will Cindy's mom let her ride her bike at the empty lot Yes.
 Will Cindy's mom let her ride her bike at the empty lot Only if Cindy doesn't try to jump her bike.
 Will Cindy's mom let her ride her bike at the empty lot You can't tell from the story.
Mommy thought of Jamal's birthday card She thought it was beautiful.
Mommy thought of Jamal's birthday card She thought it was funny.
Mommy thought of Jamal's birthday card She thought it was ugly.
Mommy thought of Jamal's birthday card She thought it was too small.
Jamal ask his daddy to get ice cream after schooled because Mommy likes chocolate ice cream.
Jamal ask his daddy to get ice cream after schooled because The ice cream store had Jamal's favorite flavor.
Jamal ask his daddy to get ice cream after schooled because It was Jamal's birthday.
Jamal ask his daddy to get ice cream after schooled because The ice cream store was next to the plant store.
Jamal's Mommy always wanted to have A Big Kitchen.
Jamal's Mommy always wanted to have A Pot.
Jamal's Mommy always wanted to have A Lily Plant.
Jamal's Mommy always wanted to have Ice Cream.
 Why would Mommy smile at Daddy for putting the plant in the pot that he chose It had a picture on it that she liked.
 Why would Mommy smile at Daddy for putting the plant in the pot that he chose It was dirty.
 Why would Mommy smile at Daddy for putting the plant in the pot that he chose He put it in the wrong way.
 Why would Mommy smile at Daddy for putting the plant in the pot that he chose It was Mommy's favorite color.
Mandy and her family lived in Under a rock.
Mandy and her family lived in Under a waterfall.
Mandy and her family lived in Under the blue berry bush.
Mandy and her family lived in Under a huge tree.
Lettuce was great berry did they like to eat.
Carrots were great berry did they like to eat.
blueberries were great berry did they like to eat.
strawberries were great berry did they like to eat.
Rocky was a bunny such as their friend Rocky.
Rocky was a squirrel such as their friend Rocky.
Rocky was a black bird such as their friend Rocky.
Rocky was a robin such as their friend Rocky.
They were blue birds such as their friends.
They were robins such as their friends.
There were no birds such as their friends.
They were blackbirds such as their friends.
Grandma promise to made apple pie on next week.
Grandma promise to made apple pie on in two days.
Grandma promise to made apple pie on the next morning.
Grandma promise to made apple pie on when they returned home.
Tasha and Hassan for two days in Grandma's house.
Tasha and Hassan for two days in on a camping trip.
Tasha and Hassan for two days in to school.
Tasha and Hassan for two days in to their aunt's job.
Tasha use to put the fresh milked in from the cow a cup.
Tasha use to put the fresh milked in from the cow a bowl.
Tasha use to put the fresh milked in from the cow a jug.
Tasha use to put the fresh milked in from the cow a bucket.
gave them to the animals happened to the sugar cookies and hot cocoa.
They all ate it in front of the tv happened to the sugar cookies and hot cocoa.
they threw they away happened to the sugar cookies and hot cocoa.
put them in the fridge happened to the sugar cookies and hot cocoa.
Anna like to plays during recess Duck, duck, goose.
Anna like to plays during recess Tether ball.
Anna like to plays during recess Dodge ball.
Anna like to plays during recess Tag, soccer and active games.
Anna's favorite class are time activities Science, vocabulary and spelling.
Anna's favorite class are time activities Math and history.
Anna's favorite class are time activities History and math.
Anna's favorite class are time activities Reading, math and writing.
Anna's favorite kind of books to are read Mystery and comic books.
Anna's favorite kind of books to are read History books.
Anna's favorite kind of books to are read Sports books.
Anna's favorite kind of books to are read Romance and adventure books.
doesn't Anna like to read comic books in class because They make her laugh out loud, which could get her into trouble.
doesn't Anna like to read comic books in class because She is not allowed to read comic books in school.
doesn't Anna like to read comic books in class because She only likes to read them before bed.
doesn't Anna like to read comic books in class because She does not like comic books.
Mrs. Flower's new puppy , called Cookie.
Mrs. Flower's new puppy , called Jacob.
Mrs. Flower's new puppy , called Cracker.
Mrs. Flower's new puppy , called Thomas.
Penelopedo before going to Mrs. Flower's housed for breakfast She saw green beans, beets, and carrots on her kitchen table.
Penelopedo before going to Mrs. Flower's housed for breakfast She saw a dog and cat play together.
Penelopedo before going to Mrs. Flower's housed for breakfast She had some yogurt for breakfast.
Penelopedo before going to Mrs. Flower's housed for breakfast She kissed her hamster Cracker and waved goodbye to her brother, Jacob.
Thomas and Cookie did in the backyard Thomas and Cookie kicked a ball and played catch with a toy fish.
Thomas and Cookie did in the backyard Thomas and Cookie ate chocolate pudding and apple sauce.
Thomas and Cookie did in the backyard Thomas and Cookie dug up carrots in the garden.
Thomas and Cookie did in the backyard Thomas and Cookie ate green tomatoes from Mrs. Flower's garden.
Penelope had with her banana pancakes at breakfast carrots.
Penelope had with her banana pancakes at breakfast apple sauce.
Penelope had with her banana pancakes at breakfast yogurt.
Penelope had with her banana pancakes at breakfast chocolate pudding.
Henry's mommy NOTdo when he did asked if he could play Dressed him in warm clothes.
Henry's mommy NOTdo when he did asked if he could play Taught him to build a snowman.
Henry's mommy NOTdo when he did asked if he could play Took him sledding.
Henry's mommy NOTdo when he did asked if he could play Took him to school.
Henry not have to went in School.
Henry not have to went in The store.
Henry not have to went in Mommy's Work.
Henry not have to went in His room.
Henry's mom tell him the white was stuffed Ice.
Henry's mom tell him the white was stuffed Foam.
Henry's mom tell him the white was stuffed Snow.
Henry's mom tell him the white was stuffed Rain.
Henry's mom NOT taught him todo How to make snowmen.
Henry's mom NOT taught him todo How to swim.
Henry's mom NOT taught him todo How to dress in the snow.
Henry's mom NOT taught him todo How to sled.
Red color ball did Logan hide from his sister.
Green color ball did Logan hide from his sister.
Pink color ball did Logan hide from his sister.
Blue color ball did Logan hide from his sister.
Logan's favorite toys his race cars because because his friends played with them.
Logan's favorite toys his race cars because because they were in his toy room.
Logan's favorite toys his race cars because because he even let his sister play with them.
Logan's favorite toys his race cars because Because his dad always played with them when he got home.
Logan's favorite toys was balls.
Logan's favorite toys was robots.
Logan's favorite toys was Race cars.
Logan's favorite toys was dinosaurs.
in his imagination Save the world |(could Logan's robots).
in his imagination change shape |(could Logan's robots).
in his imagination fly |(could Logan's robots).
in his imagination race |(could Logan's robots).
Jessie Bear was having a birthday.
no one was having a birthday.
Lion was having a birthday.
Tiger was having a birthday.
Lion didn't come to the party.
Tiger didn't come to the party.
Snake didn't come to the party.
Jessie Bear didn't come to the party.
Jessie got ready for the party made cake and juice.
Jessie got ready for the party made cake and hung balloons.
Jessie got ready for the party made juice and cookies.
Jessie got ready for the party made juice and hung balloons.
one friends came to Jessie's party.
two friends came to Jessie's party.
six friends came to Jessie's party.
four friends came to Jessie's party.
her sisters went to the beach with Sally.
Tina went to the beach with Sally.
her brothers, mother, and father went to the beach with Sally.
herself went to the beach with Sally.
Sally promised todo Learn to ride a bike.
Sally promised todo Go to a baseball game.
Sally promised todo Go back to the beach.
Sally promised todo Keep in touch with her new friend, Tina.
Sally like walking in the woods because She likes to climb trees.
Sally like walking in the woods because She likes to play hide and go seek.
Sally like walking in the woods because She likes to swim.
Sally like walking in the woods because She likes nature.
Sally did this summer She went to summer camp and the beach.
Sally did this summer She went to Paris.
Sally did this summer She went to a baseball game.
Sally did this summer She went to summer school.
Todd visited in The city.
Todd visited in His mom.
Todd visited in The town.
Todd visited in The animals.
Todd say when he got homed from the city There were so many trees and flowers.
Todd say when he got homed from the city There were so many people in cars.
Todd say when he got homed from the city There's no place like home.
Todd say when he got homed from the city There were so many animals.
Todd lives in The city.
Todd lives in with his mom.
Todd lives in with his dad.
Todd lives in In a town.
Todd see when he did got to the city lots of animals.
Todd see when he did got to the city his mom.
Todd see when he did got to the city lots of trees and flowers.
Todd see when he did got to the city lots of people and cars.
the driver of the ice cream truckdo when Greta and Tony did got to the corner He started pulling away from the curb.
the driver of the ice cream truckdo when Greta and Tony did got to the corner He played the truck's jingle.
the driver of the ice cream truckdo when Greta and Tony did got to the corner He stayed parked at the curb.
the driver of the ice cream truckdo when Greta and Tony did got to the corner He almost got a snow cone.
the childrendo when they saw the ice cream truck driver pulled away from the curb They ran out into the street after the iced cream truck.
the childrendo when they saw the ice cream truck driver pulled away from the curb They screamed, "Stop! Stop!".
the childrendo when they saw the ice cream truck driver pulled away from the curb They stood on the corner and cried.
the childrendo when they saw the ice cream truck driver pulled away from the curb They ate ice cream.
Tony and Greta get from the iced creamed truck Tony got a snow cone. Greta got an ice cream sundae.
Tony and Greta get from the iced creamed truck Tony got a snow cone. Greta got an iced cream cone with chocolate iced cream and nuts.
Tony and Greta get from the iced creamed truck Tony got an ice cream sundae with chocolate ice cream and nuts.
Tony and Greta get from the iced creamed truck Greta and Tony ice cream cones.
Greta and Tonydo after they got their iced cream They walked to a friend's house and talked to his mother about what happened.
Greta and Tonydo after they got their iced cream They bit into it.
Greta and Tonydo after they got their iced cream They got in the truck.
Greta and Tonydo after they got their iced cream They walked home and went outside in their back yard to play.
my brother's was name Kelly.
my brother's was name Kelsey.
my brother's was name Caden.
my brother's was name Colby.
we went in Hood River Castle.
we went in Elk River Castle.
we went in White Fish Castle.
we went in White Salmon Castle.
the castle had A ball room.
the castle had A movie theater.
the castle had A gym.
the castle had A hot tub.
we did at the castle Played ball.
we did at the castle Fished.
we did at the castle Swam in the swimming pool.
we did at the castle Ran in the woods.
The other ten students made Ana very nervous.
Her best friend made Ana very nervous.
The bright lights made Ana very nervous.
The big stage made Ana very nervous.
the school had the picnic in The gym.
the school had the picnic in Ana's house.
the school had the picnic in Outside.
the school had the picnic in Ana's classroom.
Ana's big was dream Becoming a ballerina.
Ana's big was dream Becoming a famous singer.
Ana's big was dream Becoming class president.
Ana's big was dream Becoming spelling bee winner.
Her dad helped Ana study everyday.
Her best friend helped Ana study everyday.
Her mom helped Ana study everyday.
Her sister helped Ana study everyday.
Roger liked todo Bump.
Roger liked todo Hop.
Roger liked todo Swim.
Roger liked todo Float.
the spider sitting on in the pond was branch.
the spider sitting on in the pond was Lily pad.
the spider sitting on in the pond was land.
the spider sitting on in the pond was log.
spider character is not in the story.
lady bug character is not in the story.
grasshopper character is not in the story.
frog character is not in the story.
the spider's was name Roger.
the spider's was name Sarah.
the spider's was name Gilbert.
the spider's was name Sam.
green color ball was the third brought up in the story.
blue color ball was the third brought up in the story.
red color ball was the third brought up in the story.
purple color ball was the third brought up in the story.
green became the leader.
blue became the leader.
red became the leader.
purple became the leader.
purple color of ball scared the blue ball.
red color of ball scared the blue ball.
orange color of ball scared the blue ball.
green color of ball scared the blue ball.
At they end of the story, cute was the state of the green ball.
At they end of the story, dead was the state of the green ball.
At they end of the story, fear was the state of the green ball.
At they end of the story, taking was the state of the green ball.
Sara practicing because She wanted to show off.
Sara practicing because She didn't want to do her homework.
Sara practicing because She wanted to play on a team.
Sara practicing because She was bored.
Her Mom pitched the ball to Sara.
Her Sister pitched the ball to Sara.
Her Dad pitched the ball to Sara.
Her Brother pitched the ball to Sara.
Sara's Dad proud of her because She didn't get dirty.
Sara's Dad proud of her because She didn't break the bat.
Sara's Dad proud of her because She didn't quit.
Sara's Dad proud of her because She was better than her Dad.
Sara go to practiced hitting the ball in A stadium.
Sara go to practiced hitting the ball in Her yard.
Sara go to practiced hitting the ball in The park.
Sara go to practiced hitting the ball in Her bedroom.
Peter want to did when Sammie came He wanted to show off his fur.
Peter want to did when Sammie came He wanted to be beautiful.
Peter want to did when Sammie came He wanted to snuggle with her.
Peter want to did when Sammie came He wanted to show off his bark.
Peter was in Sad and tired.
Peter was in At the pet store.
Peter was in Home.
Peter was in At the park practicing his bark.
Peter actually did when Sammie came Peter showed off his fur.
Peter actually did when Sammie came Peter showed off his bark.
Peter actually did when Sammie came Peter fell asleep.
Peter actually did when Sammie came Peter wondered if he would be a good enough puppy.
Sammie wanted A golden puppy that was small.
Sammie wanted A golden puppy with shiny fur.
Sammie wanted A puppy with a loud bark she could snuggle with.
Sammie wanted A golden puppy she could snuggle with.
Olive the owl not had any socks because She had given her socks to another friend.
Olive the owl not had any socks because All of her socks were in the dirty laundry.
Olive the owl not had any socks because She has thick feathers on her legs and toes.
Olive the owl not had any socks because She wore ski boots instead of socks.
Luna afraid of humans because Her grandmother and mother had told stories about mean humans hurting hawks.
Luna afraid of humans because Humans were large and scary-looking.
Luna afraid of humans because Humans put garbage in the hawks' nests.
Luna afraid of humans because Humans stole all of the hawks' food.
Luna not visited Olive the owl.
Luna not visited Rose the raccoon.
Luna not visited Opal the otter.
Luna not visited Henrietta the human.
could the baby raccoons play in the icy creek without hurting their paws Because their mother made sure they had warm mittens to keep their paws dry.
could the baby raccoons play in the icy creek without hurting their paws Because their mother taught them how to play in the water without getting cold.
could the baby raccoons play in the icy creek without hurting their paws Because their legs and feet are tough from tipping over garbage cans.
could the baby raccoons play in the icy creek without hurting their paws Because their legs and feet have a thick covering of fur that keeps them warm.
Was it a good day for the couple, and It was a good day, and they found that they were sunburned did they find out when they got home.
Was it a good day for the couple, and It was not a good day, and they found they were sunburned did they find out when they got home.
Was it a good day for the couple, and It was a good day, and they found they were late getting home did they find out when they got home.
Was it a good day for the couple, and It was not a good day, and they found that they got a parking ticket did they find out when they got home.
the couple going and how did they get their were in The beach and by Bike.
the couple going and how did they get their were in The park and by bike.
the couple going and how did they get their were in The store and by car.
the couple going and how did they get their were in The beach and by car.
Besides boats dolphins did the couple watch.
Besides boats people making sand castles did the couple watch.
Besides boats people playing in the water did the couple watch.
Besides boats children playing in the sand did the couple watch.
It took the young couple almost a half hour long to find a parking spot.
It took the young couple only a short time long to find a parking spot.
It took the young couple almost an hour long to find a parking spot.
It took the young couple over an hour long to find a parking spot.
the cat's was name Tony.
the cat's was name Cowboy.
the cat's was name Cat.
the cat's was name Chowder.
Cowboy like to eat when he did was hungry Cowboy liked to eat cat food.
Cowboy like to eat when he did was hungry Cowboy liked to eat toys.
Cowboy like to eat when he did was hungry Cowboy liked to eat blankets.
Cowboy like to eat when he did was hungry Cowboy liked to eat tomatoes.
Cowboy felt mean he liked to on run and hide.
Cowboy felt mean he liked to on chew on toys.
Cowboy felt mean he liked to on bite the blankets.
Cowboy felt mean he liked to on hide and jump.
 Cowboy was a.. a tiny little cat.
 Cowboy was a.. a normal size cat.
 Cowboy was a.. great big cat.
 Cowboy was a.. a great big dog.
the students have to read their stories to the class because to get to know who had the best summer.
the students have to read their stories to the class because to get to know Mrs. Law.
the students have to read their stories to the class because to help them get to know more about each other.
the students have to read their stories to the class because to get to know who had the best mommy and daddy.
the students have to wrote about the first day of school.
the students have to wrote about Mrs. Law.
the students have to wrote about Anna's summer vacation.
the students have to wrote about what they did over the summer.
Mrs. Law smiled at Anna because because Anna told the class a joke.
Mrs. Law smiled at Anna because because she raised her hand to read her story first.
Mrs. Law smiled at Anna because because Anna laughed.
Mrs. Law smiled at Anna because because Anna rode a huge ride.
the huge ride called that Anna was told the class about Batman.
the huge ride called that Anna was told the class about Superman.
the huge ride called that Anna was told the class about there wasn't one.
the huge ride called that Anna was told the class about Jolly Green Giant.
the beaver built a bridge.
the bear built a bridge.
the dog built a bridge.
the wolf built a bridge.
the bear and wolf cross, and why did they turned back a bridge, and they got hungry.
the bear and wolf cross, and why did they turned back a lake, and they did not want to get lost.
the bear and wolf cross, and why did they turned back a field and they did not want to get lost.
the bear and wolf cross, and why did they turned back a bridge, and they did not want to get lost.
the beaver build and why did he thanked the bear and wolf a bridge, and for helping him to build the bridge.
the beaver build and why did he thanked the bear and wolf a house, and for trying out the bridge.
the beaver build and why did he thanked the bear and wolf a bridge, and for trying out the bridge.
the beaver build and why did he thanked the bear and wolf a bridge, and for bring him food.
This is a story of a bear and a beaver animals taking a walk in the woods.
This is a story of a dog and a wolf animals taking a walk in the woods.
This is a story of a bear and a dog animals taking a walk in the woods.
This is a story of a bear and a wolf animals taking a walk in the woods.
Jenny drove the truck.
Jenny's Brother drove the truck.
Jenny's Mom drove the truck.
Jenny's Dad drove the truck.
Jenny live before she did moved in New York.
Jenny live before she did moved in Utah.
Jenny live before she did moved in Austin.
Jenny live before she did moved in Seattle.
the music made Jenny happy about being in Utah.
the pretty views made Jenny happy about being in Utah.
being with her mom made Jenny happy about being in Utah.
a little girl came to play made Jenny happy about being in Utah.
Jenny sad about the move because She had to leave her stuff.
Jenny sad about the move because She didn't want to leave her soccer team.
Jenny sad about the move because She had to leave her friends and her school.
Jenny sad about the move because She didn't want to leave her family.
Both is closer.
Jeff is closer.
Mike is closer.
Neither is closer.
it would be 5/100 for one of them to win.
it would be 10/100 for one of them to win.
it would be 1/100 for one of them to win.
it would be 100/100 for one of them to win.
it would be 89/99 neither of them to win.
it would be 99/99 neither of them to win.
it would be 99/100 neither of them to win.
it would be 98/100 neither of them to win.
the right is amount 1000.
the right is amount 800.
the right is amount 900.
the right is amount 700.
Hannah and Mary chased at the park butterflies.
Hannah and Mary chased at the park turtles.
Hannah and Mary chased at the park birds.
Hannah and Mary chased at the park ducks.
Hannah's mother did with the leftovers threw it on the ground.
Hannah's mother did with the leftovers there was no trash.
Hannah's mother did with the leftovers Put it in the trash can.
Hannah's mother did with the leftovers took it home.
Hannah and Mary saw on their way to the park A butterfly and a bird.
Hannah and Mary saw on their way to the park A squirrel, a yellow bird, and pink flowers.
Hannah and Mary saw on their way to the park A horse.
Hannah and Mary saw on their way to the park A pink squirrel, a bird, and yellow flowers.
Hannah and Mary did when they were bored sang songs and drew pictures.
Hannah and Mary did when they were bored played games.
Hannah and Mary did when they were bored Petted the cat and drew pictures.
Hannah and Mary did when they were bored jumped rope.
He dreamed about Ernie the donkey kick the ball over the moon dream helped Douglas win the game.
He dreamed about Pele heading the ball in the goal dream helped Douglas win the game.
He dreamed about Ruffles fetching the ball dream helped Douglas win the game.
He dreamed about sheep jumping over fences dream helped Douglas win the game.
Muffin the cat woke Douglas up by licking him in the face.
Herman the hamster woke Douglas up by licking him in the face.
Ernie the donkey woke Douglas up by licking him in the face.
Ruffles the dog woke Douglas up by licking him in the face.
the Dolphins score and who did scored the goals They scored two points.  Ruffles and Billy scored points.
the Dolphins score and who did scored the goals They scored three points.  Toby, Billy and Douglas scored points.
the Dolphins score and who did scored the goals They scored five points. Howard, Billy, Ruffles, Douglas, and Billy scored points.
the Dolphins score and who did scored the goals They scored one point.  Toby scored points.
Douglas loves to play Douglas loves to play baseball.
Douglas loves to play Douglas loves to play soccer.
Douglas loves to play Douglas loves to play basketball.
Douglas loves to play Douglas loves to play cards.
Carl want to got to Carl.
Carl want to got to Office.
Carl want to got to Factory.
Carl want to got to Lab.
Besides a tire missing part did Carl need.
Besides a tire important part did Carl need.
Besides a tire tire part did Carl need.
Besides a tire sun gatherer part did Carl need.
Carl came from in Lab.
Carl came from in Mr. X.
Carl came from in Office.
Carl came from in Factory.
the only city in the story was Office.
the only city in the story was Mr. X.
the only city in the story was Lab.
the only city in the story was Factory.
Brian dad bought him the glove because His dad wanted to him to practice.
Brian dad bought him the glove because His dad didn't want him to use his old glove.
Brian dad bought him the glove because His dad was proud that he was working hard.
Brian dad bought him the glove because His dad knew that he really wanted it in order to show off his friends.
 How much money did Brian find under his bed Fifteen dollars.
 How much money did Brian find under his bed Two Dollars.
 How much money did Brian find under his bed Fifty cents.
 How much money did Brian find under his bed Three dollars.
Brian wanted a new glove because So he could show it off to his friends.
Brian wanted a new glove because He did not have any baseball glove.
Brian wanted a new glove because He lost his old baseball glove.
Brian wanted a new glove because So he could have a catch with his dad.
 How much money did Brian have in total after looking in his house Fifteen dollars.
 How much money did Brian have in total after looking in his house Twelve dollars.
 How much money did Brian have in total after looking in his house Six dollars.
 How much money did Brian have in total after looking in his house Fifty dollars.
Bob and Sally found in the box A coin.
Bob and Sally found in the box A pearl.
Bob and Sally found in the box A ring.
Bob and Sally found in the box A necklace.
Sally found in the water A shell.
Sally found in the water A bucket.
Sally found in the water A bottle.
Sally found in the water A shovel.
Bob and Sallydo after they did showed the pearl to the worker They sold it.
Bob and Sallydo after they did showed the pearl to the worker They left it at the beach.
Bob and Sallydo after they did showed the pearl to the worker They took it home.
Bob and Sallydo after they did showed the pearl to the worker They gave it away.
Bob and Sally stoped looking for the treasure because They were sad at not finding anything.
Bob and Sally stoped looking for the treasure because They forgot to bring a shovel.
Bob and Sally stoped looking for the treasure because They did not want to find the treasure.
Bob and Sally stoped looking for the treasure because They got hungry.
I doing on this day at the beginning of the story was fishing.
I doing on this day at the beginning of the story was sleeping.
I doing on this day at the beginning of the story was working in the garden.
I doing on this day at the beginning of the story was cooking.
I finally saw two lake birds.
I finally saw four lake birds.
I finally saw three lake birds.
I finally saw one lake bird.
the sound that I was kept hearing something that sounded like laughing.
the sound that I was kept hearing something that sounded like low talking.
the sound that I was kept hearing something that sounded like crying.
the sound that I was kept hearing something that sounded like singing.
I felt at the end of the story happy.
I felt at the end of the story sick.
I felt at the end of the story sad.
I felt at the end of the story glum.
George's wife's was name Magneson.
George's wife's was name George.
George's wife's was name Nancy.
George's wife's was name Leonard.
Nellie and George did the squirrel throw things at.
Leonard and Magneson did the squirrel throw things at.
George and Leonard did the squirrel throw things at.
Magneson and Nellie did the squirrel throw things at.
the squirrel threw at Magneson a chestnut.
the squirrel threw at Magneson a giant walnut.
the squirrel threw at Magneson a duck.
the squirrel threw at Magneson a rock.
Magneson walked in in the trees.
Magneson walked in in the pond.
Magneson walked in in the park.
Magneson walked in in the tall grass.
Josh slipped on a banana skin.
John slipped on a banana skin.
Mary slipped on a banana skin.
Kate slipped on a banana skin.
Josh was in such a hurry because Josh had a soccer game to play.
Josh was in such a hurry because Josh was going back home.
Josh was in such a hurry because Josh was heading to the school yard.
Josh was in such a hurry because Josh was late to class.
Mary turned into banana skin after throwing trash on the school yard.
Kate turned into banana skin after throwing trash on the school yard.
Josh turned into banana skin after throwing trash on the school yard.
Peter turned into banana skin after throwing trash on the school yard.
Mary and Kate are the principal characters of the story.
Mary and Josh are the principal characters of the story.
Josh and Peter are the principal characters of the story.
Kate and Josh are the principal characters of the story.
Wolfie purred on when hogging the bathroom.
Wolfie purred on when petted.
Wolfie purred on when poked.
Wolfie purred on when sleeping.
name of the cat was Bret.
name of the cat was Buster.
name of the cat was Wolfgang.
name of the cat was Sir Purrsalot.
one reasong his mother didn't was like knights they grew up.
one reasong his mother didn't was like knights they purred.
one reasong his mother didn't was like knights they snored.
one reasong his mother didn't was like knights they clanked.
one reason his mother didn't was like wolves they yelled.
one reason his mother didn't was like wolves they barked.
one reason his mother didn't was like wolves they purred.
one reason his mother didn't was like wolves they snored.
Sally put on her shoes because To wave to Missy the cat.
Sally put on her shoes because To hear her name.
Sally put on her shoes because Because she wanted to go outside.
Sally put on her shoes because To come home.
Sally liked todo Sally liked going outside.
Sally liked todo walk on the green grass.
Sally liked todo put on her shoes.
Sally liked todo take off her shoes.
name of the cat was Meow.
name of the cat was Missy.
name of the cat was Sally.
name of the cat was Ring.
Missy the cat called Sally.
The birds called Sally.
The trees called Sally.
Her Mom called Sally.
The park has a dog.
Max has a dog.
Tammy has a dog.
Mary has a dog.
Tammy and Mary do when it rains go to the park.
Tammy and Mary do when it rains Play with dolls, have a tea party.
Tammy and Mary do when it rains play ball.
Tammy and Mary do when it rains chase rabbits.
Dolls likes to go to the park.
Mother likes to go to the park.
Tammy and Mary likes to go to the park.
The rabbits likes to go to the park.
the name of the dog is Mother.
the name of the dog is Max.
the name of the dog is Tammy.
the name of the dog is Mary.
the cats not liked him because He didn't eat cat food.
the cats not liked him because He had a long nose.
the cats not liked him because He was different.
the cats not liked him because He panted.
Puddles lived in the beginning in with cats and dogs.
Puddles lived in the beginning in In a group of cats.
Puddles lived in the beginning in In a group of dogs.
Puddles lived in the beginning in With humans.
Puddles chooses todo Go into the woods.
Puddles chooses todo Go to sleep.
Puddles chooses todo Eat cat food.
Puddles chooses todo Become a cat.
Puddles found Food.
Puddles found A monster.
Puddles found A dog family.
Puddles found A group of cats.
the princess wandered to after escaping in Mountain.
the princess wandered to after escaping in Forest.
the princess wandered to after escaping in Cave.
the princess wandered to after escaping in Castle.
Mother escaped from the tower.
Princess escaped from the tower.
Man escaped from the tower.
John escaped from the tower.
the princess climb to saw the castle Electric pole.
the princess climb to saw the castle mountain.
the princess climb to saw the castle Tree.
the princess climb to saw the castle Castle.
the princess lives in the beginning in Castle.
the princess lives in the beginning in house.
the princess lives in the beginning in Cave.
the princess lives in the beginning in High Tower.
