List of colleges and universities in Texas 
a list of colleges and universities in Texas.

Roman Catholic Diocese of Mindelo 
a diocese located in Mindelo in Cabo Verde.

Nematjan Zakirov 
a former Kyrgyzstani international footballer.

Terramatta 
a 2012 documentary film directed by Costanza Quatriglio, based on the memoir Terra Matta by Vincenzo Rabito.

Gam Hideyuki 
a Japanese daimyo who ruled the Aizu domain.

Pubis (bone) 
the ventral and anterior of the three principal bones composing either half of the pelvis.

Top-level domain 
one of the domains at the highest level in the hierarchical Domain Name System of the Internet.

Tricornis oldi 
a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.

Tnsberg Region 
a statistical metropolitan region in the county of Vestfold in southeastern Norway.

Eckville, Alberta 
a town in central Alberta, Canada.

The Originist 
a short story by Orson Scott Card.

Beverly Country Club 
one of Chicago's historical cornerstones.

Serle 
a comune in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy, Italy.

The Ghost (novel) 
a contemporary political thriller by the best-selling English novelist and journalist Robert Harris.

Virginia Waters 
an American-bred, Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.

Wing River (Rapid River) 
a river of Minnesota.

Eva L. Baker 
a Distinguished Professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, the former acting dean of the Graduate School of Education & Information Studies and current Director of the National Center for Research on Evaluation, Standards, and Student Testing.

Howard, South Dakota 
a city in Miner County, South Dakota, United States.

1135 Colchis 
a main belt asteroid with a diameter of 50.64km, the 2.3648579 UA.

Heinz Lembke 
a right-wing extremist and very likely a member of the stay-behind network Gladio.

Kank Ainu 
a term used to describe Ainu who live or portray a traditional indigenous Japanese Ainu lifestyle in order to cater to the tourist industry.

Fulham Broadway tube station 
a London Underground station on the Wimbledon branch of the District line.

Golabar Rural District 
a rural district in the Central District of Ijrud County, Zanjan Province, Iran.

Society of the Sisters of Bethany 
an Anglican religious order.

Rock the Block 
the 14th studio album by the Swiss hard rock band Krokus, released in 2003.

Jesse Lennox 
an American mixed martial artist.

Pl Anders Stubsveen 
a Norwegian football defender who currently plays for Borgar in the Norwegian Third Division.

Bruce Vento Nature Sanctuary 
a city park in the Mississippi River corridor in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States.

Robert Delbourgo 
an Australian physicist, winner of the Walter Boas Medal in 1988.

USS Oahu (PR-6) 
laid down by Kiangnan Dock and Engineering Works, Shanghai, China, 18 December 1926; launched as PG46 on 26 November 1927; sponsored by Mrs. Bryson Bruce, wife of Comdr.

2006 FIFA World Cup qualification  UEFA Group 6 
a UEFA qualifying group for the 2006 FIFA World Cup.

Shawish 
a large and widespread Palestinian family originated from Damascus Gate neighbourhood of East Jerusalem, Israel.

South Starworld Strikers F.C. 
a professional football team, which played in Trinidad and Tobago's Professional Football League.

Donald MacKeen Smith 
a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly in the 1967 provincial election.

Rancho San Jose 
a 22,340-acre Mexican land grant in northeastern Los Angeles County given in 1837 by Governor Juan Bautista Alvarado to Ygnacio Palomares and Ricardo Vejar.

Sdtirol Heute 
a television programme of the Austrian ORF, which is broadcast in Austria and relayed by the Rundfunk Anstalt Sdtirol in South Tyrol, Italy.

Marianne Lamont Horinko 
Assistant Administrator for the Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Response at EPA, having been confirmed by the U.S. Senate on October 1, 2001.

Bilfinger 
a multinational company specialized in civil and industrial construction, engineering and services based in Mannheim, Germany.

Alexander Shand (New Zealand) 
a notable New Zealand farmer, interpreter and ethnographer.

Adrienne Bailon 
an American recording artist, singer-songwriter, actress, dancer, and television personality.

Aetheolaena ledifolia 
a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.

Captain Lockheed and the Starfighters 
a 1974 satirical concept album by Robert Calvert, the former frontman of British space-rock band Hawkwind.

Han Pil-hwa 
a female North Korean speed skater who competed in the 1964 Winter Olympics and in the 1972 Winter Olympics.

South East Street Historic District 
listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.

Middlesex County Automobile Club 
a motor club based in Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire.

Tufted Tit-Spinetail 
a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.

The Kingpin (album) 
rapper Craig G's debut album, released in 1989 through Atlantic Records.

John Martin (English footballer) 
an English footballer who was last attached to Isthmian League Division One North club Harlow Town.

James Emerson 
a British Army officer, and posthumous recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.

The Stratford Residences 
a high-rise residential and commercial building that will rise in Makati City, Philippines.

Fossano 
a town and comune of Piedmont, Italy, in the province of Cuneo.

Sanremo Music Festival 2006 
the 56th annual Sanremo Music Festival, held at the Teatro Ariston in Sanremo, province of Imperia, between late February and early March 2006 and broadcast by Rai 1.

Adamawa State Polytechnic 
a tertiary educational institution in Numan, Adamawa State, Nigeria.

Kalla Gertze 
a Namibian university lecturer and parliamentarian as a member of the Congress of Democrats party.

Excursion Inlet, Alaska 
a census-designated place in Haines Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska.

Germaine Aussey 
a French actress.

ITerating 
a Wiki-based software guide, where users can find, compare and give reviews to software products.

Uranium market 
used almost entirely as fuel for nuclear power plants.

Alert, Ohio 
an unincorporated community in southern Morgan Township, Butler County, Ohio, in the United States.

Empire (Madball album) 
the seventh studio album by New York hardcore punk band Madball.

Trypeta dubia 
a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.

Tommy Untereiner 
a French professional footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for FC Martigues.

Flrkendorfer Mhlenau 
a river of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

InuYasha the Movie: Affections Touching Across Time 
a 2001 anime film directed by Toshiya Shinohara and written by Katsuyuki Sumisawa.

William Hargood 
a British naval officer who served with distinction through the American War of Independence, the French Revolutionary War and the Napoleonic Wars, during which he gained an unfortunate reputation for bad luck, which seemed to reverse following his courageous actions at the battle of Trafalgar in command of HMS Belleisle.

AIB UK 
a subsidiary of Allied Irish Banks.

Geneva Spur 
a geological feature on Mount Everestit is a large rock buttress near the summits of Everest and Lhotse.

Sderledstunneln 
a tunnel between the Central Bridge and the Johanneshov Bridge on the island of Sdermalm in Stockholm.

Newthorpe, Greasley and Shipley Gate railway station 
a former railway station which served the villages of Newthorpe, Greasley and Shipley Gate on the border of Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire.

Keemalung 
a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal.

MDO (band) 
distributed internationally.

Kulliyyat-e-Hasrat 
the collection of the poetry of Bahr-ul-uloom Hazrat Moulana Maulvi Muhammad Abdul Qadeer Siddiqi Qadri, the former Dean and Professor of Theology of the Osmania University, Hyderabad.

Gimnasio Los Caobos 
a prestigious private preparatory school in Bogota, Colombia.

Hilton Root 
an academic and policy specialist in international political economy and development.

Tesoro (disambiguation) 
a Spanish and Italian word meaning "treasure".

Doria Pamphilj Gallery 
a large art collection housed in the Palazzo Doria Pamphilj in Rome, Italy.

1969 Melbourne Transportation Plan 
a road and rail transport plan for Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia, instituted by Henry Bolte's state government.

2006 Caribbean Series 
played in 2006 in the neighboring cities of Maracay and Valencia in Venezuela, making it the first one to be played in two different cities.

Dmitry Kardovsky 
a Russian artist, illustrator and stage designer.

Lorraine Rodgers 
a former Women Airforce Service Pilots pilot for the United States Army Air Forces.

Johnny Martino 
an actor who was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York.

Neocrepidodera ferruginea 
a species of beetle from Chrysomelidae family.

Battlelords of the 23rd Century 
a paper and pencil science fiction role-playing game designed by Lawrence R. Sims and first published in 1990.

Same-sex marriage in Spain 
passed by the Cortes Generales on 30 June 2005 and published on 2 July 2005.

United States presidential election in Colorado, 1984 
won by incumbent United States President Ronald Reagan of California, who was running against former Vice President Walter Mondale of Minnesota.

A Summer Night 
a Canadian music variety television series which aired on CBC Television in 1962.

Worms (series) 
a series of artillery strategy computer games developed by British company Team17.

List of international cricket centuries by Marvan Atapattu 
a retired Sri Lankan cricketer who represented the national team from 1990 to 2007.

Manoel Ribas 
a town and municipality in the state of Paran in the Southern Region of Brazil.

1995 North Queensland Cowboys season 
the first in the club's history.

American/Consolidated Tobacco Companies buildings 
set of two historic tobacco warehouses located at Lancaster, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.

Micha Tober 
a Polish politician.

Obigarm 
a town in Tajikistan, located in Roghun district in the central part of the Region of Republican Subordination, just north of the district capital of Roghun.

Moon Nam-sook 
a Korean voice actor.

Vincent Gardner 
an American trombonist and composer.

Tahalyun 
a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.

Matagami 
a small town in Quebec, Canada.

Yan Pascal Tortelier 
a French conductor and violinist, and is the son of the cellist Paul Tortelier.

Flagging (tape) 
a colored non-adhesive tape used in marking objects.

Pennsylvania 
a U.S. state that is located in the Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States, and the Great Lakes region.

James Gilmour (politician) 
a Scottish-born farmer and political figure in Ontario, Canada.

Bon Karreh-ye Imanqoli 
a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.

Sand Chronicles 
a manga by Hinako Ashihara.

Li Xuejian 
a Chinese actor.

Lost Man Booker Prize 
a special edition of the Man Booker Prize awarded by a public vote in 2010 to a novel from 1970 as the books published in 1970 were not eligible for the Man Booker Prize due to a rules alteration; until 1970 the prize was awarded to books published in the previous year, while from 1971 onwards it was awarded to books published the same year as the award.

Robert O. Crockett 
an American lawyer and Republican politician who served as a member of the Virginia Senate, representing the state's 3rd district from 1920 to 1922.

A Bird in a Gilded Cage 
a song composed by Arthur J. Lamb and Harry Von Tilzer.

Ian Watt 
an important work in the history of the genre.

KOIN 
a CBS-affiliated television station located in Portland, Oregon, United States.

MGM - AEG arena 
a proposed $350 million, 20,000 seat arena to be built and operated by MGM Resorts International and AEG Live.

Tyler Hinman 
a crossword solver and constructor and a five-time winner of the American Crossword Puzzle Tournament.

Internetization 
a word that was coined by Professor Constantine Passaris of the University of New Brunswick.

Harm Bouckaert 
an art dealer, gallerist, and major figure in the 1980s art scene in New York.

Shinji Okuda 
a Japanese former handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Audrey Peters 
an American actress.

Samuel Jay Keyser 
an American theoretical linguist who is an authority on the history and structure of the English language and on linguistic approaches to literary criticism.

Algorail 
a lake freighter owned and operated by Algoma Central.

Tony Kanal 
a British-born American musician, record producer and songwriter.

Densmore Methodist Church of the Thousand Islands 
a historic Methodist church located at Alexandria in Jefferson County, New York.

Vurlon Mills 
a Guyanese international footballer who plays for United Petrotrin, as a striker.

DVI (disambiguation) 
Digital Visual Interface, a video interface for digital displays.

Nagamachi-Itchme Station 
a station on the Sendai Subway Nanboku Line in Taihaku-ku, Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan.

I-mutation 
an important type of sound change, more precisely a category of regressive metaphony, in which a back vowel is fronted, and/or a front vowel is raised, if the following syllable contains /i/, // or /j/.

Cerebrospinal fluid 
a clear colorless bodily fluid found in the brain and spine.

Buchan (surname) 
a surname.

Guillaume Cheval dit St-Jacques 
a Quebec businessman and political figure.

Construct (philosophy) 
an ideal object, where the existence of the thing may be said to depend upon a subject's mind.

List of MeSH codes (D14) 
the fourth part of the list of the "D" codes for MeSH.

Company K 
a 1933 novel by William March, first serialised in parts in the New York magazine Forum from 1930 to 1932, and published in its entirety by Smith and Haas on 19 January 1933, in New York.

Virtue jurisprudence 
the name given to theories of law related to virtue ethics.

Pennington's Seventeenth Summer 
the first novel in a quartet for young adults by K. M. Peyton.

Citico Creek Wilderness 
a 16,226-acre wilderness area within the Cherokee National Forest in the U.S. state of Tennessee.

Ted Templeman 
an American record producer.

Abdul Rashid (field hockey) 
a member of Pakistan's gold medal winning 1960 Olympic field hockey team.

Galindo, Austin, Texas 
a neighborhood in Austin, Texas.

Juncus bryoides 
a species of rush known by the common names moss rush and mosslike dwarf rush.

Ohio State Route 536 
a state highway in Monroe County, Ohio.

NTEU 
an abbreviation that may refer to:

Far Wes 
the second album by American jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery, released in 1958.

Surya Kant 
the President of TCS North American, UK and Europe operations based in New York City.

Lebanon bombings and assassinations (2004present) 
forced to extend the term of pro-Syrian former president Emile Lahoud, a move that was unconstitutional.

Chinese Volleyball Association 
a national non-governmental, nonprofit sports organization in the People's Republic of China.

SYT3 
a protein that in humans is encoded by the SYT3 gene.

Ectonucleotide pyrophosphatase/phosphodiesterase 1 
an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the ENPP1 gene.

Utilitiesman (United States Navy) 
a United States Navy occupational rating.

Hawes Radio Relay Site 
a United States Air Force installation built on the site of the former Hawes Airfield at Hinkley, California, USA at 34551N 1172236W / 34.91694N 117.37667W / 34.91694; -117.37667.

Senator Claghorn 
a popular radio character on the "Allen's Alley" segment of The Fred Allen Show, beginning in 1945.

Bibliography of New Caledonia 
a list of books in the English language which deal with New Caledonia and its geography, history, inhabitants, culture, biota, etc.

Hickory Flat, Georgia 
an unincorporated community in southeastern Cherokee County, Georgia, United States.

Trinidadian and Tobagonian Canadians 
estimated, based on the 2006 census, that 200,000 people are Trinidadian and Tobagonian Canadians.

Penngrove, California 
a census-designated place in Sonoma County, California, United States, situated between the cities of Petaluma and Cotati, at the foot of Sonoma Mountain.

Rachel Begley 
a professional recorder and baroque bassoon virtuoso from England, now based in Long Island, New York, U.S. She has performed and interacted with many of the leading recorder players of this generation, including the Flanders Recorder Quartet.

Alaska Dispatch 
a news organization founded in 2008 and based in Anchorage, Alaska.

Mara Paz Azagra 
a former Spanish football midfielder.

Zagrze (Rumia) 
the suthernmost district of Rumia, placed in the valley of Zagrska Struga.

Board of Trustees of State University of New York v. Fox 
a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court instructed a lower court to reevaluate the compatibility of a resolution of the State University of New York that prohibited private commercial enterprises from operating in SUNY facilities with the First Amendment.

Fire (Ferry Corsten song) 
a trance song that was released as a single in 2005, as well as appearing on Ferry Corsten's 2006 album L.E.F.

George Henry Tatham Paton 
a Scottish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.

Kalakeri 
a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka, India.

Simet 
a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.

Alan Cox (footballer) 
a footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Tranmere Rovers.

Ceferino Denis 
an Argentine footballer currently playing for Unin San Felipe of the Primera Divisin in Chile.

Fred Fono 
a Solomon Islands politician, serving as the country's Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Rural Development and Indigenous Affairs from December 2007 to August 2010.

Feminist Media Studies 
a peer-reviewed academic journal covering media and communication studies from a feminist perspective.

Gruppo del Cenobio 
held at Palazzo Stellina, Milan, in March 2013 to mark the fiftieth anniversary of the group's first exhibition.

Hennes, Norway 
a small village in the municipality of Hadsel in Nordland county, Norway.

ric Marester 
a French football defender.

Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Scottish Parliament constituency) 
a constituency of the Scottish Parliament.

The Folk Years 20032003 
the fifth album by Jill Sobule, released independently in 2004.

Paul A. Rothchild 
a prominent American producer of the late 1960s and 1970s, widely known for his historic work with The Doors and early production of The Paul Butterfield Blues Band.

Irma Schoennauer Cole 
one of the United Statess premier swimmers in the late 1930s and early 1940s.

Gamow (crater) 
a large lunar crater on the far side of the Moon.

Psilostrophe 
a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae.

Typha caspica 
a plant species native to Republic of Azerbaijan between Russia and Iran.

Hamed Sarlak 
an Iranian footballer who plays for Sanat Naft F.C.

2009 Pattaya Women's Open  Singles 
the defending champion, but chose to participate in the Open GDF Suez, which was held the same week.

Cit du Cinma 
a film studio complex supported by the film director and producer Luc Besson, located in Saint-Denis, north of Paris.

Thum Pakhar 
a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.

Mickey Slaughter 
a former professional American football quarterback in the American Football League.

Sean Thornley 
a British tennis player, best known for playing on the doubles circuit with David Rice.

Joseph C. Hare 
named in his honor.

Umpire (disambiguation) 
a person of authority in a sports game.

MTCP1 
a protein that in humans is encoded by the MTCP1 gene.

Lake Pielavesi 
a large lake in the Kymijoki main catchment area in Northern Savonia, Finland.

Paolo di Giovanni Fei 
a painter of the Sienese school.

Shurcheh, Borkhar 
a village in Borkhar-e Sharqi Rural District, Habibabad District, Borkhar County, Isfahan Province, Iran.

Mordellistena basilewskyi 
a beetle in the Mordellistena genus, which is in the Mordellidae family.

Shoemaking 
the process of making footwear.

Mark the Deacon 
a monk in the Egyptian desert of Scetes who became the biographer of Saint Porphyrius in the 5th century.

198th Division (People's Republic of China) 
a military formation of the People's Volunteer Army or Chinese Communist Forces) during the Korean War with a standard strength of approximately 10,000 men.

Sylvia Beach Whitman 
the proprietor of the Shakespeare and Company bookstore in Paris.

Metaphorical extension 
the "extension of meaning in a new direction" through popular adoption of an original metaphorical comparison.

Bastilla hamatilis 
a moth of the Noctuidae family.

Collinson Ridge 
a bare rock spur next north of Halfmoon Bluff in the northwest part of the Cumulus Hills, Queen Maud Mountains.

Simin Behbahani 
one of the most prominent figures of the modern Persian literature and one of the most outstanding amongst the contemporary Persian poets.

Chornohora 
the highest mountain range in Western Ukraine in the Eastern Beskids and the Ukrainian Carpathians group, which in turn is part of the Outer Eastern Carpathians.

Vasile Lehaci 
a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the early 1990s.

ABC Wide World of Sports Boxing 
a boxing computer game released in 1991.

Hardwick House, Suffolk 
a manor house near Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, owned by Sir Robert Drury, Speaker of the House of Commons of Hawstead Place, and subsequently purchased in the seventeenth century by Royalist and former Sheriff of London Robert Cullum.

Poplaca 
a commune in Sibiu County, Transylvania, Romania, at the foothills of the Cindrel Mountains, 12km south-west of the county capital Sibiu, in the Mrginimea Sibiului ethnographic area.

Carlos Aguiar 
a Uruguyan footballer.

6567 Shigemasa 
a main-belt asteroid discovered on November 16, 1992 by K. Endate at Kitami.

Dealers (TV series) 
a British reality television series produced by Fever Media for the Discovery Channel.

Yorke Peninsula Football League 
an Australian rules football competition based in the Yorke Peninsula region of South Australia, Australia.

Sierockie 
a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biay Dunajec, within Tatra County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.

Lynn Pett 
mayor of Murray, Utah from 1990-1998.

The Emperor's New Clothes 
a short tale by Hans Christian Andersen about two weavers who promise an Emperor a new suit of clothes that is invisible to those unfit for their positions, stupid, or incompetent.

Stephen J. Chamberlin 
a lieutenant general in the United States Army who served during World War II as General of the Army Douglas MacArthur's Assistant Chief of Staff, G-3, the staff officer in charge of plans and operations.

Mildred, Pennsylvania 
an unincorporated community in Cherry Township, Sullivan County, Pennsylvania, United States.

Ascalobos 
an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.

Rhizofiltration 
a form of phytoremediation that involves filtering water through a mass of roots to remove toxic substances or excess nutrients.

Connecticut Valley Railroad Roundhouse and Turntable Site 
located in Old Saybrook, Connecticut.

Ralph Wilson Nimmons, Jr. 
an American lawyer and judge.

The works of Veronica Whall 
"The elf hour" which was exhibited at The New Gallery's Summer Exhibition of 1907.

Double hull 
a ship hull design and construction method where the bottom and sides of the ship have two complete layers of watertight hull surface: one outer layer forming the normal hull of the ship, and a second inner hull which is some distance inboard, typically by a few feet, which forms a redundant barrier to seawater in case the outer hull is damaged and leaks.

Southampton Village Police Department (New York) 
a professional police organization responsible for primary jurisdictional law enforcement for the village of Southampton, New York.

Krimoto Station (JR Kyushu) 
a train station located in Kagoshima, Kagoshima, Japan.

Aliabad, Amol 
a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.

Stuart Millar 
a Scottish former football player and manager.

Risk and Insurance Management Society 
a professional association dedicated to advancing the practice of risk management.

Ministry of Science and Technology (Vietnam) 
a government ministry in Vietnam responsible for state administration of science and technology activities; development of science and technology potentials; intellectual property; standards, metrology and quality control; atomic energy, radiation and nuclear safety.

Isaac Lodge 
an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.

Timothy Christian School (Illinois) 
a private, coeducational school in Elmhurst, Illinois.

Francisco Piquer Chanza 
a Spanish actor.

Gervasio Antonio de Posadas 
a member of Argentina's Second Triumvirate from 19 August 1813 to 31 January 1814, after which he served as Supreme Director until 9 January 1815.

Qatar Academy 
a private, co-educational school in Doha, Qatar.

Mesedra 
a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.

Sun Qichang 
a politician in the early Republic of China who subsequently served as a cabinet minister in the Empire of Manchukuo.

Tsar Asen 
a village in Pazardzhik Municipality, Pazardzhik Province, southern Bulgaria.

Bruyre 
a French name.

Long-tailed clawed salamander 
a species of clawed salamander found in Northeast Asia.

Joseph Cilley (state senator) 
a New Hampshire state senator and general.

Les ftes de l'Hymen et de l'Amour 
an opra-ballet in three entres and a prologue by the French composer Jean-Philippe Rameau.

Xhevdet Gela 
a Finnish football player of Kosovar Albanian descent currently playing for Polish Ekstraklasa side Widzew d.

Henry William Engleheart 
an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.

List of schools in Santa Cruz County, California 
a list of the schools in Santa Cruz County, California.

Siversky (air base) 
an air base in Leningrad Oblast, Russia located 2km northwest of Siversky.

Requiem (The Getaway Plan album) 
the second album by Australian alternative rock band The Getaway Plan which was released on 4 November 2011.

Eugeniusz Knapik 
a Polish pianist and composer of classical music best known for his 1980 chamber piece String Quartet No.

Ulf Siemes 
a German rower.

New Zealand Conservation Authority 
an advisory body to the New Zealand Department of Conservation and to the Minister of Conservation.

Jack Dempsey vs. Luis ngel Firpo 
a historical boxing fight: It was the first time that a Latin American fighter would challenge for the world Heavyweight title, and it would be one of the defining fights of Dempsey's career.

Dorothy Abbott 
an American actress.

Yatchenko 
a Ukrainian surname that may refer to:

Things You Should Leave Alone 
the first album from the band Puracane.

RFA Brambleleaf (1959) 
a Leaf-class small tanker of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary.

Pilot Valley Playa, Utah 
a playa and salt pan in Box Elder County, Utah and Elko County, Nevada that is a remnant of Pleistocene Lake Bonneville.

Charlie Bates (baseball) 
an American Major League Baseball outfielder.

Cannibal Attack 
the fourteenth Jungle Jim film produced by Columbia Pictures.

Static universe 
a cosmological model in which the universe is both spatially infinite and temporally infinite, and space is neither expanding nor contracting.

Neo Destour 
a Tunisian political party that was founded by a group of Tunisian nationalist politicians during the French protectorate.

Nambikwaran languages 
a single speech community and thus has no dialects, while the Nambikwara language has been described as having eleven.

Zerobod 
a town in north-western Tajikistan.

Larry Fuller 
an American choreographer, theatre director, dancer, and actor.

Hoveton Little Broad 
a secluded broad of fairly open aspect, in the middle reaches of the River Bure between Hoveton and Horning, Norfolk, in The Broads National Park.

3-hydroxymethylcephem carbamoyltransferase 
an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction

Columbia and Sumter Railroad 
a South Carolina railroad that operated immediately after the American Civil War.

Ebbw River 
a river in South Wales.

Peter Zelem 
a former English professional footballer who played as a defender.

XXX (Danny Brown album) 
the second studio album by American hip hop recording artist Danny Brown, released August 15, 2011, under Fool's Gold Records.

Bill Copson 
an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire between 1932 and 1950, and for England between 1939 and 1947.

Arsher Ali 
a British actor who rose to prominence after playing the role of Hassan Malik in the Chris Morris-directed comedy film Four Lions.

United American Free Will Baptist Church 
the oldest national body of predominantly black Free Will Baptists in the United States.

Miki Fujimoto 
a Japanese pop singer and television actress.

Sticky information 
a term coined by Eric von Hippel for information which is costly to acquire, transfer, and use in a new location.

Spoolbase 
a shore-based facility used to facilitate continuous pipe laying for offshore oil and gas production.

Bucze, wiebodzin County 
a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza, within wiebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.

Fifty-Fifty (1925 film) 
a 1925 silent era drama motion picture starring Hope Hampton, Lionel Barrymore, and Louise Glaum.

Keith Eshman 
a former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Wests Tigers.

Pulp and paper industry 
dominated by North American, northern European and East Asian countries.

Silene salmonacea 
a rare, newly described species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Klamath Mountain catchfly and salmon-flowered catchfly.

Rife (disambiguation) 
a live album by Foetus Corruptus.

Jose Luis Castro Colman 
an Paraguayan international footballer who plays for A.C. Este, as a defender.

Adonias Filho 
a writer and novelist from Bahia, Brazil, and a member of the Academia Brasileira de Letras.

List of Kosmos satellites (251500) 
a generic name given to a large number of Soviet, and subsequently Russian, satellites, the first of which was launched in 1962.

Criorhina 
a genus of hoverflies.

Sir Walter Nugent, 4th Baronet 
an Irish baronet, politician and Member of Parliament in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland 1907-1918.

Raft Hill (co-op) 
a student housing cooperative located in East Lansing, Michigan and a member of the MSU SHC.

Yonaguska 
known as Drowning Bear, was a leader among the Cherokee of the Lower Towns of North Carolina.

Slate Ridge 
a mountain range in Esmeralda County, Nevada.

Lidia Alexeyeva 
a Russian basketball coach.

Augustaion 
an important ceremonial square in ancient and medieval Constantinople, roughly corresponding to the modern Aya Sofya Meydan.

Francisco Regueiro 
a Spanish film director and screenwriter.

Coleophora deviella 
a moth of the Coleophoridae family.

John Barnett (Australian rules footballer) 
a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne and Collingwood in the Australian Football League.

Terry Connell 
an American professional baseball player who played catcher in the National Association for the 1874 Chicago White Stockings.

Loveman Noa 
the namesake for two United States Navy destroyers.

Lohi 
a town and union council of Dureji Tehsil in Balochistan province, Pakistan.

Michigan Mathematics Prize Competition 
an annual high school mathematics competition held in Michigan.

Funtasia Water Park 
an amusement and water park located in Patna, India.

Carl de Groof 
an Austrian composer, film composer and orchestra conductor.

Vasily Panov 
best known for his chess writings and theoretical work on the openings.

HM Prison Werrington 
a male juvenile's prison located in the village of Werrington in Staffordshire, England.

Olga Kuznetsova 
a Russian middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 and 1500 metres.

Dennis Yaager 
an Australian former association football player.

T. Clark Hull 
an American politician and lawyer who was the 79th Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut from 1971 to 1973 and a judge for 23 years from 1973.

Sector lights 
not abrupt.

First Baptist Church (Roanoke, Virginia) 
a historic African-American Baptist church located in the Gainsboro neighborhood of Roanoke, Virginia.

Luteimonas marina 
a bacteria.

Ara the Beautiful 
a legendary Armenian hero.

Politics of Tamil Nadu 
the South Indian Welfare Association, which was founded in 1916.

Aldar Balzhinimayev 
a Russian wrestler who participated at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics in Singapore.

Stagmomantis floridensis 
a species of praying mantis in genus Stagmomantis.

John Schneider (American football executive) 
a professional American football executive, currently serving as the general manager for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League.

Mazraeh-ye Hesar 
a village in Zulachay Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.

Jan Simonides Montanus 
a Czech composer of the Renaissance era.

Washington Square Arch 
a marble triumphal arch built in 1892 in Washington Square Park in Greenwich Village, Manhattan in New York City, New York.

Saussurea 
a genus of about 300 species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae, native to cool temperate and arctic regions of Asia, Europe, and North America, with the highest diversity in alpine habitats in the Himalaya and central Asia.

Rosedale Priory 
a priory in North Yorkshire, England.

New Mexico Commissioner of Public Lands 
an elected constitutional officer in the executive branch in charge of managing all state lands and mineral rights, as well as overseeing leases and royalties on state land, in the U.S. state of New Mexico.

Mis Galiza 
a Galician political party which split from the Galician Nationalist Bloc.

Victor Manjila 
a former Indian International football goalkeeper from Trichur, Kerala.

Seyyed Hoseyn Musavi 
a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.

CD200R1 
a protein that in humans is encoded by the CD200R1 gene.

Moore Gypsy 
an early all-metal, single seat, sailplane designed in the UK in the late 1960s.

Winds of September 
a 2008 Taiwanese film, set in 1996 in Hsinchu, that focuses on a gang of teenage boys who drink, smoke and gamble, and the relationships between them.

Brian Marvin 
an English cricketer.

Zachorzw 
a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawno, within Opoczno County, d Voivodeship, in central Poland.

Julian Samora 
a Mexican American teacher, scholar and community activist who helped to pioneer the field of Latino Studies.

Tamahine 
a 1963 British comedy film directed by Philip Leacock and starring Nancy Kwan, Dennis Price and John Fraser.

Kilsby 
a village and civil parish in the Daventry district of Northamptonshire, England situated approximately five miles south-east of Rugby.

Battle of Pichincha 
preparing the campaign for the independence of the Viceroyalty of Per.

Khokhlovo, Kaduysky District, Vologda Oblast 
an urban locality in Kaduysky District of Vologda Oblast, Russia.

Dismorphia 
a genus of butterflies in the subfamily Dismorphiinae.

Henry Stanton Burton 
a graduate of West Point, a career American Army officer who served in the Second Seminole War, MexicanAmerican War and the American Civil War.

Bibliography of the Lewis and Clark Expedition 
a bibliography of literature dealing with the Lewis and Clark Expedition.

Shooting at the 2002 Asian Games  Women's 10 metre air pistol 
held on 3 October at the Changwon International Shooting Range.

Campgaw Mountain 
the northernmost ridge of the volcanically formed Watchung Mountains, straddling the border of Franklin Lakes, Oakland, and Mahwah in Bergen County, New Jersey.

Ray (Frazier Chorus album) 
the second album by Frazier Chorus and was released in 1991.

Cheese and Jam 
a comedy about the relationship between a Bosnian man and a Slovene woman, though the film begins with an explanation that it is about the stigmatized minority of any nation.

Edwin Harris Dunning 
the first pilot to land an aircraft on a moving ship.

Pedro Galvez District 
one of seven districts of the province San Marcos in Peru.

Sayuri Ishikawa 
a Japanese enka singer.

Wilson School (Clear Spring, Maryland) 
a historic one room school building located at Clear Spring, Washington County, Maryland, United States.

Arthur E. Eilers 
the commissioner and executive secretary of the Missouri Valley Conference and coach at Washington University in St. Louis.

199293 Maltese Premier League 
performed in 10 teams, and Floriana F.C.

Lomas Brown 
a former American college and professional football player who was an offensive tackle in the National Football League for eighteen seasons in the 1980s, 1990s and early 2000s.

2011 ITM Hamilton 400 
a motor race for the Australian sedan-based V8 Supercars.

Bounded function 
called bounded, if the set of its values is bounded.

Michaelus 
a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.

Paul Chan 
the current Secretary for Development of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

Evesham 
a market town and a civil parish in the Local Authority District of Wychavon in the county of Worcestershire, England with a population of 23,576, according to the 2011 Census.

Gare de Mulhouse 
the main railway station in the city of Mulhouse, Alsace, France.

WCKG 
a radio station licensed to Elmhurst, Illinois, USA.

Context Relevant 
a big data analytics startup based in Seattle, Washington, United States.

Florida Atlantic University College for Design and Social Inquiry 
an academic college of Florida Atlantic University located in Boca Raton, Florida, USA.

Digital differential analyzer 
a digital implementation of a differential analyzer.

Kissaboui 
a village in the Bassar Prefecture in the Kara Region of north-western Togo.

Austrian State Prize for European Literature 
a literary prize in Austria awarded by the Federal Ministry of Education and Art to European writers.

Westmont, Pennsylvania 
a borough in Cambria County, Pennsylvania, United States.

Kryvyi Rih Raion 
a raion of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, southeastern-central Ukraine.

Kim Christensen (footballer born 1980) 
a Danish professional football player who plays as striker for Danish second level club AB.

KVPI (AM) 
a radio station airing an Classic Country format, licensed to Ville Platte, Louisiana.

Expeditions (book) 
a collection of poetry by Margaret Atwood, published in 1966.

HMS Cuttle (1807) 
a Royal Navy Ballahoo-class schooner of four 12-pounder carronades and a crew of 20.

Grand Barachois, Miquelon Island 
a large natural lagoon in Saint Pierre and Miquelon.

Ampanefena 
a town and commune in northern Madagascar.

Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 
Free".

Glenn Bidmead 
a Sydney-based singer, songwriter, guitarist, performer and producer.

Sant Pere, Barcelona 
a neighborhood in District 1, the old city of Barcelona, Spain.

Radio Bam 
aired on Mondays at 7pm, straight after The Jason Ellis Show.

David Owen (Dewi Wyn o Eifion) 
noted for developing the awdl and englyn.

William Relling, Jr. 
a St. Louis-born horror/mystery writer.

Chemist 
a scientist trained in the study of chemistry.

Shinji Kanki 
a Japanese composer.

St. Mary's College (Kansas) 
a religious school of the Society of St. Pius X located in St. Marys, in the U.S. state of Kansas, 25 miles west of Topeka.

Heritage Flight Museum 
a non-profit organization founded by the family of Apollo 8 astronaut William Anders in 1996 at the Bellingham International Airport in Bellingham, Washington.

Aripuan River 
a river in Amazonas and Mato Grosso states in north-western Brazil.

al-Shehhi 
an Arabic family name denoting a member of the Shihhuh tribe of the United Arab Emirates and Oman.

Maxie Dunnam 
chancellor of Asbury Theological Seminary in Wilmore, Kentucky, where he also served as president from 1994 through 2004.

Charlie Strap and Froggy Ball Flying High 
a 1991 Swedish animated feature film directed by Jan Gissberg after an original script by Thomas Funck, using Funck's already well-established characters.

Leucobursada 
a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.

Yuri Alekseyevich Nesterenko 
a Russian professional football player.

(24185) 1999 XM14 
a main-belt minor planet.

MGM-51 Shillelagh 
an American anti-tank guided missile designed to be launched from a conventional gun.

Samantha Preston 
a Canadian curler who currently throws lead stones for Crystal Webster out of the Calgary Curling Club in Calgary.

China National Chemical Engineering 
a Chinese state-owned enterprise in construction engineering and design, ranking in 2011 42nd among general contractors worldwide by revenue and 92nd among contractors by revenue from international projects.

Busonga 
a settlement in Kenya's Nyanza Province.

Eric T. Washington 
the Chief Judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, the highest appellate court for the District of Columbia.

Monte Cevedale 
a mountain at the border of the Lombardy and Trentino-Alto Adige/Sdtirol regions in Italy.

King Baudouin Stadium 
a sports ground in north-west Brussels, Belgium.

Ken Kennard 
a former American football defensive lineman in the National Football League.

Minety, Wiltshire 
a village located in north Wiltshire, between Malmesbury and Swindon.

Ezra Royals 
an English footballer.

Shepherdsville train wreck 
the worst and deadliest train wreck of Kentucky's history.

Henry B. Sayler 
a U.S. Representative from Indiana, cousin of Milton Sayler.

Dave Henderson 
an American former Major League Baseball player who played for the Seattle Mariners, Boston Red Sox, San Francisco Giants, Oakland Athletics and Kansas City Royals.

Faroe Islands Premier League 
organised by the Faroe Islands Football Association.

Honda CB1300 
a 1,284cc Honda motorcycle released in 1998 as a successor to the CB1000.

Kalar, Kastamonu 
a village in the Kastamonu, Kastamonu Province, Turkey.

List of North Queensland Cowboys honours 
awarded to the Cowboys' best and fairest player of the season.

National Register of Historic Places listings in Downtown and Downtown West St. Louis 
a list of properties and historic districts within the Downtown St. Louis and Downtown West, St. Louis areas of the city of St. Louis, Missouri that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

Koyunbaba 
a saint who lived in the city of Osmanck in orum Province, Turkey in the 15th century.

Great Anti-Buddhist Persecution 
directed not only towards Buddhism but also towards other foreign religions, such as Zoroastrianism, Nestorian Christianity, Manichaeism.

Ernie Pough 
a former American football player who performed in three seasons in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Steelers and New York Giants.

The Holy Single 
an EP recording by Kristin Hersh, released in 1995.

Berwari (East Syrian Diocese) 
a diocese of the Nestorian Church between the sixteenth and twentieth centuries.

Markus Foser 
a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics.

Halifax Stanfield International Airport 
a Canadian airport located in Enfield, Nova Scotia, a community within the Halifax Regional Municipality.

Chungmok of Goryeo 
known in some records by his Mongolian name, which is rendered in hanja as Palsamanaeisa.

Phillip Alford 
an American actor best known for his role as Jem Finch in the 1962 film To Kill a Mockingbird.

Sydney Harbour Federation Trust 
an Australian Government agency established in 2001 to preserve and rehabilitate a number of defence and other Commonwealth lands in and around Sydney Harbour.

List of high schools in Caaguaz, Paraguay 
a list of high schools in Caaguaz.

Staffan Kihlbom 
a Swedish actor, who appeared in the 2000 film The Beach.

Purchase price allocation 
an application of goodwill accounting whereby one company, when purchasing a second company, allocates the purchase price into various assets and liabilities acquired from the transaction.

Nokdu Street 
a street in Gwanak, Seoul.

Early grounds of Manchester City F.C. 
not until 1887 - when City moved to their sixth pitch in only eight years - that they would have the money, ambition, reputation and stability to construct themselves a more permanent base of operations, at the stadium named Hyde Road.

My Days 
an autobiography of R. K. Narayan.

Alicyclobacillus 
a genus of Gram positive, rod-shaped, sporeforming, bacteria.

Gymnomyza 
a genus of birds, in the honeyeater family Meliphagidae, which are restricted to a few islands in the southwest Pacific Ocean.

Lev Vlassenko 
a pianist and teacher who was born in the Soviet Union.

La Revolucin de Mayo 
an Argentine silent movie made in 1909 and premiered in 1910.

2014 CAF Champions League group stage 
played on a home-and-away round-robin basis.

Hikmet Fidan 
the former deputy leader of the Democratic People's Party until it was banned by the Constitutional Court in 2003.

KazSat 
a communications satellite occupying geosynchronous orbit approximately 36 000 km above the Earth.

Vasakronan 
a former Swedish government owned real estate company.

Testarotho 
a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kei Sanbe.

Responsibilities Program 
the code name for a Federal Bureau of Investigation program active from 1951 to 1955.

Faint Object Camera 
a camera installed on the Hubble Space Telescope from launch in 1990 until 2002.

List of Welsh principal areas by area 
a list of principal areas of Wales ordered by area.

Combat Tactical Vehicle (Technology Demonstrator) 
a testbed vehicle built by the Nevada Automotive Test Center, for the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle's Combat Tactical Vehicle, under contact for the Office of Naval Research.

Yuya Yoshizawa 
a Japanese football player.

Mangifera nicobarica 
a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family.

Pat Combs 
a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Philadelphia Phillies between 1989 and 1992.

Ernest J. Dawley 
a Major General in the United States Army, known for commanding VI Corps during Operation Avalanche.

Dehkord, Isfahan 
a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.

Tysnesy 
an island in Hordaland county, Norway.

Bolyarka 
a Bulgarian beer brand from the city of Veliko Tarnovo.

Novastar 
a Belgian band, led by Dutch-born singer and pianist Joost Zweegers.

Temple of Azure Clouds 
a Buddhist temple located in the eastern part of the Western Hills, just outside the north gate of Fragrant Hills Park, in the Haidian District, a northwestern suburb of Beijing, China, approximately 20km from the city center.

Yarem Qayah-e Olya 
a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.

California State Route 16 
a state highway in the northern region of the U.S. state of California that runs from Route 20 in Colusa County to Route 49 just outside Plymouth in Amador County.

Howell Heflin Lock and Dam 
one of four lock and dam structures on the Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway that generally lie along the original course of the Tombigbee River.

Monroe-Woodbury High School 
located in Central Valley, New York, part of the town and village of Woodbury in Orange County.

Blow Up Your Video World Tour 
a rock concert tour played by the hard rock band AC/DC, which had 5 legs spreading over the course of 11 months starting on 29 January 1988, in Perth, Australia and finishing on 13 November 1988, in Inglewood, California.

1967 Masters Tournament 
the 31st Masters Tournament, held April 69 at Augusta National Golf Club.

Arabs in France 
59% Muslim and 41% Christian.

Ryde or Die, Bitch 
the lead single released from The LOX's second album, We Are the Streets.

Anti Video Piracy Association of Singapore 
an anti-piracy alliance with other anime producers founded by Odex on July 30, 2003.

Graffito (archaeology) 
a deliberate mark made by scratching or engraving on a large surface such as a wall.

Singing News Fan Awards for Favorite Baritone 
awarded yearly in the Singing News Fan Awards ceremony to honor the singer Singing News magazine readers select as their favorite baritone that year.

Brinton Piez 
the 28th head football coach for the Dickinson College Red Devils in Carlisle, Pennsylvania and he held that position for two seasons, from 1955 until 1956.

Courtney Nagle 
an former American professional tennis player.

Ji-won Yang 
a professor in Department of Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering at KAIST and CEO of ABC, which is a key research institutes for biofuel and bio-refinery in South Korea.

Wierzchy Kluckie 
a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluki, within Bechatw County, d Voivodeship, in central Poland.

Stephen Barber 
a British political scientist / political economist, and author.

Koundokpo 
a town and arrondissement in the Atlantique Department of southern Benin.

Rayadillo 
a blue and white striped cotton fabric used to make the military uniforms worn by Spanish colonial soldiers before and during the Spanish-American War.

2010 Tour de Langkawi, Stage 1 to Stage 7 
the 15th edition of the Tour de Langkawi, a cycling stage race that takes place in Malaysia.

Dravidan (1989 film) 
a 1989 Tamil film starring Sathyaraj and Suparna Anand.

2010 Assen Superbike World Championship round 
the fourth round of the 2010 Superbike World Championship season.

Quarona 
a comune in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 90 kilometres northeast of Turin and about 50 kilometres north of Vercelli, along the Sesia River.

Co-danthrusate 
a combination of dantron and docusate.

Doug Nott 
an American football running back in the National Football League for the Boston Redskins and the Detroit Lions.

Meanings of minor planet names: 8800189000 
Lutz D. Schmadel's Dictionary of Minor Planet Names.

Ottakring (Vienna U-Bahn) 
a station on Line U3 of the Vienna U-Bahn.

Sand, Hedmark 
the administrative centre of Nord-Odal municipality, Norway.

Biathlon World Championships 2013  Women's relay 
held on February 15, 2013.

Hominy Grill 
a renowned restaurant in Charleston, South Carolina.

INCOSE Pioneer Award 
an annual prize for people who have made significant pioneering contributions to the field of Systems Engineering given by the INCOSE since 1997.

Marianna Zamoyska 
a Polish noble lady.

Hama Amadou 
a Nigerien politician who was Prime Minister of Niger from 1995 to 1996 and again from 2000 to 2007.

March across the Belts 
a campaign between 30 January and 8 February 1658 during the Second Northern War where King Charles X Gustav of Sweden led the Swedish army from Jutland across the ice of the Little Belt to Funen and the Great Belt to reach Zealand.

Nuestra Belleza Aguascalientes 2012 
held at the Antiguo Taller de Locomotoras, Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes on July 19, 2012.

Philip Child 
a Canadian novelist, poet, and academic.

Julie Harrington 
a British singer/songwriter.

Evening bat 
a species of bat in the vesper bat family, Vespertilionidae, that is native to North America.

Acaenoplax 
an extinct worm-shaped mollusc known from the Wenlock Series lagersttte of Herefordshire, England.

Naliboki massacre 
the mass killing of about 128 Poles by Soviet partisans at the village of Naliboki in Nazi-Germany-occupied Poland on May 8, 1943.

Dan Cotter 
a Major League Baseball pitcher who played with the Buffalo Bisons of the Players' League in 1890.

Sebastio Pereira do Nascimento 
a professional Brazilian football player.

Brice Conrad 
a French singer-songwriter and musician of pop rock and folk music and is signed to Universal Music France.

Rubn Lobato 
a Spanish professional road bicycle racer who has ridden for Acqua e Sapone-Cantina Tollo, Domina Vacanze-Elitron and Saunier Duval.

Rupert Brabner 
a British Member of Parliament who served with the Royal Navy as a pilot in World War II and became an ace with 5.5 confirmed kills.

Nissan 350Z 
a two seat sports car that was manufactured by Nissan from 2002 to 2009 and marks the fifth generation of Nissan's Z-car line.

Zgornji Slemen, Maribor 
a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Maribor in northeastern Slovenia.

Explorations Academy 
an independent school in Bellingham, Washington, USA that integrates experiential education with academic studies.

Hyndburn Council election, 2000 
up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council from no overall control.

So Camilo Biological Reserve 
a biological reserve in Brazil.

Jovan Radoni 
historian, librarian of Matica Srpska library and member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts.

Idylls from Messina 
a set of eight idylls composed by Friedrich Nietzsche.

Lawrence Township, Michigan 
a civil township of Van Buren County in the U.S. state of Michigan.

Desire (DC Comics) 
a fictional character from the DC comic book series The Sandman.

Homosassa incudella 
a species of snout moths in the genus Homosassa.

John and Paul 
uncertain according to their Acts; it occurred under Julian the Apostate.

TREVI 
an intergovernmental network - or forum - of national officials from ministries of justice and the interior outside the European Community framework created during the European Council Summit in Rome, 12 December 1975.

Swiss order of precedence 
a hierarchy of important positions within the government of Switzerland.

Selby High School 
a co-educational secondary school in North Yorkshire, England.

66th Infantry Division (United States) 
a unit of the United States Army in World War II.

Central African Republic presidential election, 1981 
won by Dacko, who had been restored back to the Presidency as part of Operation Barracuda, which overthrew Emperor Jean-Bdel Bokassa.

Wounded (Enchant album) 
the second full-length studio album by the American progressive rock band Enchant, released in 1996 in Europe on Inside Out Music and 1997 in the US on the Magna Carta Records.

UST Global 
a provider of IT services.

William Fletcher Barrett 
an English physicist and parapsychologist.

Fenoandala 
a town and commune in southwest Madagascar.

Muriel Lake (Alberta) 
a lake in Alberta, Canada.

Oreonoma 
a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.

John Strang 
a Scottish minister and Principal of Glasgow University.

Hgersdorf 
a municipality in the district of Segeberg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Dettman 
a surname.

Matt Schmit 
a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate.

32nd Army Corps (Ukraine) 
an army corps of the Soviet Ground Forces and then the Ukrainian Ground Forces.

Menios Koutsogiorgas 
a Greek lawyer and politician.

Ashcroft, British Columbia 
a village in the Thompson Country of the Interior of British Columbia, Canada.

El PasoJurez 
a binational metropolitan area, or conurbation, on the border between Mexico and the United States.

Unspoken (film) 
a 2008 Belgian drama film.

Belinda Giblin 
an Australian actress, prominent in soap operas.

The Slackers and Friends 
an album by the ska/reggae band The Slackers.

Center for Citizen Initiatives 
the brainchild of an American citizen, Sharon Tennison, who in the early 1980s determined in a period of desperation to try to reduce tensions between the two superpowers.

Comely 
an American Thoroughbred racehorse.

Steinheim am Albuch 
a municipality in the district of Heidenheim in Baden-Wrttemberg in southern Germany.

Deh Heydar, Kerman 
a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anar County, Kerman Province, Iran.

Fyne Times 
a UK based free gay and lesbian magazine, with five regional editions, that was established in September 2001.

Sylvanus C. Breyfogel 
an American Bishop of the Evangelical Association, elected in 1891.

List of United Kingdom MPs: K 
an incomplete list of past and present Members of Parliament of the United Kingdom whose surnames begin with K. The dates in parentheses are the periods for which they were MPs.

Roland Harper 
a former professional American football player who played running back for eight seasons for the Chicago Bears.

Gornje Zunie 
a village in the municipality of Knjaevac, Serbia.

St George's Square 
a long narrow garden square in Pimlico, London SW1, England.

Duncan Clark 
best known for advocating the addition of fluoride to the New York City's water supply to prevent tooth decay.

James River Gorge 
a water gap created by the James River in Central Virginia.

Adipic acid dihydrazide 
a chemical used for cross-linking water-based emulsions.

1 in 60 rule 
a rule of thumb used in air navigation, and states that if a pilot has travelled sixty miles then an error in track of one mile is approximately a 1 error.

Govindpura, Bhopal 
a town in Bhopal, India, in the BHEL township in the city of Bhopal.

Saturnino lvarez Bugallal 
a Spanish lawyer, journalist and politician.

201011 Exeter City F.C. season 
Exeter's second season in League One, since their promotion the conference in 2009, and their 46th season in the third tier of English football.

Animax Entertainment 
an animation and interactive production studio based in Van Nuys, California.

2493 Elmer 
a main-belt asteroid discovered on December 1, 1978 by Harvard College at Agassiz Station.

George Fearn House 
a historic residence in Mobile, Alabama, United States.

Bears Castle 
a small castle in Yan Yean, Victoria, Australia.

Holy Spirit (Christianity) 
the third divine person of the Holy Trinity: the "Triune God" manifested as Father, Son, and Holy Spirit; each person itself being God.

The Laughing Man (short story) 
a short story by J. D. Salinger, published originally in The New Yorker on March 19, 1949; and also in Salingers short story collection Nine Stories.

Ginette Gamatis 
a member of the National Assembly of Seychelles.

Teolin, d Voivodeship 
a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within d East County, d Voivodeship, in central Poland.

Chilton Street Mill, Clare 
a tower mill at Clare, Suffolk, England which is derelict.

Mirapuxi River 
a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.

Sugaring (epilation) 
a method of hair removal that has been in use since 1900BC.

United Nations operations in Korea commemorative medal 
a French commemorative war medal established on 8 January 1952 by decree 52-34 for award to members of the French armed forces who fought in the Korean war.

The Best of The Waitresses (1990 album) 
a compilation album released by The Waitresses in 1990, with the catalogue number 847 249-2.

Midwest Hotel 
a 1915 building in the Crossroads Arts District.

Marathe 
an Indian Hindu surname.

Thisted witch trial 
afflicted by the same attacks.

Daxuecheng Station (Tianjin) 
a station of Line 3 of the Tianjin Metro.

Gateways School 
an independent school in Harewood, West Yorkshire, England.

Melipilla Province 
one of six provinces in the Santiago Metropolitan Region of central Chile.

Direct debit dividend contributions 
considered appropriate when a Stakeholder wishes to retain involvement in a business but is unable to raise the capital required to pay for stock.

Mikyoung Kim 
an international Landscape Architect with work throughout the United States, the Middle East and South Korea.

Obersulm 
a municipality in the district of Heilbronn, Baden-Wrttemberg, Germany, formed in the 1970-s as a merger of the formerly independent municipalities Affaltrach, Eichelberg, Eschenau, Slzbach, Weiler, and Willsbach.

S. Chellapandi 
an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly.

Public holidays in Vietnam 
observed on the following Monday.

The Duke of Edinburgh's Award Canada 
a self-development programme available to young people ages 14 to 25.

Netroots 
a term coined in 2002 by Jerome Armstrong to describe political activism organized through blogs and other online media, including wikis and social network services.

Dizzy Reed 
a contemporary rock musician, and occasional actor.

Frederick F. Reese 
the Fourth Bishop of Georgia.

Connor's Mill 
a steam driven flour mill located on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay, Western Australia.

6th Missouri Volunteer Cavalry 
an cavalry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.

Boris Giuliano 
a police chief from Palermo, Sicily.

Odarawu 
an Alaafin of Oyo, who was on the throne for a short period of time.

Novoalexandrovsky (rural locality) 
the name of several rural localities in Russia.

Dbrowa, Brzeziny County 
a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jew, within Brzeziny County, d Voivodeship, in central Poland.

War Is A Crime.org 
an organization that describes itself as "a coalition working to expose the lies that launched the war and to hold accountable its architects, including through censure and impeachment".

The Final Requiem 
the fourth studio album released by power metal band Axenstar.

NiceFutis 
a women's football club from Pori, Finland.

Simithacl 
a small village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey.

Alexander MacWilliam, Sr. 
the mayor of Vero Beach, Florida from 1927 to 1935, from 1939 to 1947, and from 1949 to 1951, he also served in the Florida House of Representatives from Indian River County in the 1933, 1945, 1947, 1949 and 1951 sessions.

List of people from Andhra Pradesh 
a list of important people from Andhra Pradesh, India, throughout history.

National Liaison Committee for International Students in Australia 
first formed in 1986 in an attempt to combat the Australian Government's introduction of the full-fee paying international students program.

Plasmodium multivacuolaris 
a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Novyella

Lightweight Medium Machine Gun 
a prototype machine gun being developed by General Dynamics.

List of The Elephant Show episodes 
an episode guide for the children's television series The Elephant Show, starring famous children's entertainers Sharon, Lois & Bram, made for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.

Karnataka Milk Federation 
an Indian Cooperative that sells products such as pedha, jalebi, paneer, curds and milk in the name of Nandini.

Pseudorchis 
a monotypic genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.

Alone in the Dark 
a series of survival horror computer games from Infogrames.

E.C. Collier (skipjack) 
a Chesapeake Bay skipjack, built in 1910 at Deal Island, Maryland.

It's a Gift (1923 film) 
a 1923 short silent movie comedy film featuring Snub Pollard.

A Public Affair 
the fifth studio album by American pop singer Jessica Simpson.

Marist 
an adjectival noun, the word is derived from the name Mary in particular Mary the Mother of Jesus Christ.

Speed golf 
a sport which involves playing a round of golf in the lowest possible sum of strokes and time.

Snowmastodon site 
a fossil excavation near Snowmass Village, Colorado.

Pine Grove, Colchester County 
a community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in Colchester County.

Emilia Tennyson 
a younger sister of Alfred, Lord Tennyson, and the fiance of Arthur Henry Hallam, for whom Tennyson's great poem, In Memoriam A.H.H., was written.

Waterloo Road (series 4) 
unsuitable for viewing by those under the age of 12 years).

Miss Ecuador 1993 
held on April 14, 1993.

Dave Stocking 
one of the original members of Workers' Power, a group that was formed after the Left Faction, was expelled from the International Socialists for refusing to dissolve their faction in 1974.

Richard Stannard (triathlete) 
a triathlete from Great Britain and the current 2012 Biathle World Champion.

ParlQuest 
a software system designed for parliamentarians.

Nebraska Highway 7 
a highway in Nebraska.

Great Britain men's national under-18 ice hockey team 
the men's national under-18 ice hockey team of Great Britain.

Sean Burch 
an American adventure athlete and motivational speaker.

Coat of arms of Coquitlam 
the emblem of the city of Coquitlam in British Columbia.

Lake Pythias 
a circular freshwater lake in northern Highlands County, Florida.

Districts of Malawi 
divided into 28 districts within three regions.

Microcarrier 
a support matrix allowing for the growth of adherent cells in bioreactors.

Willis Marshall 
a former Arena football Wide Receiver / Defensive back.

Open Talk 
a weekly topical debate ANS TV television program in Azerbaijan.

Thanniyam 
a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala, India.

August 6 
the 218th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar.

Mayura (mythology) 
one of the sacred birds of the Hindu mythology.

Fort Point Channel Historic District 
a historic district located along Congress, Summer and A streets in South Boston, Massachusetts on the south side of Fort Point Channel.

Gunnar Axn 
a Swedish Moderate Party politician and a member of the Swedish Riksdag for stergtland since 1998.

Phlegm (artist) 
a Sheffield based muralist and artist who first developed his illustrations in self-published comics.

Israel B. Melchior 
remembered in particular for the photographs he took of Hans Christian Andersen.

Pontus Norgren 
the current guitarist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall and formerly played guitar for The Poodles.

Fortification, New Zealand 
a locality in the western part of the Catlins region of Southland in New Zealand's South Island.

Hannah Trigger 
an Australian snowboarder.

Museu da Inconfidncia 
a history museum dedicated to those who died in a failed rebellion movement Inconfidncia Mineira for Brazilian independence from Portugal.

Attila (horse) 
a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.

John S. Kountz 
a soldier in the United States Army during the American Civil War.

Ca Cat 
a town in Corrientes Province, Argentina.

Siemowit I of Masovia 
a son of Konrad I of Masovia and his wife Agafia, daughter of Svyatoslav III Igorevich.

White Angel (1994 film) 
a 1994 British thriller film directed by Chris Jones and starring Harriet Robinson, Peter Firth and Don Henderson.

Ace of Diamond 
a shnen baseball manga written and illustrated by Yuji Terajima and published by Kodansha.

Rud Bardeh 
a village in Sangar Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.

Baldomero 
a given name.

Alfredo Harp Hel 
a Mexican businessman of Lebanese origin, and as of 2011, with a net worth of $1.5 billion, is according to Forbes the 974th richest person in the world.

Sierra de la Demanda 
a mountain sub-range situated in the northern Iberian Peninsula.

Gregory's Two Girls 
a 1999 British film.

Sardinian Meadow Brown 
a butterfly belonging to the Nymphalidae family.

American Journal of Ophthalmology 
a peer-reviewed medical journal of ophthalmology.

Scotland Against Crooked Lawyers 
a pressure group, registered as a political party, dedicated to exposing alleged corruption within the Scottish legal profession, Court System and the Scottish Government.

Songs of Green Pheasant 
the solo project of Duncan Sumpner, a recording artist and school teacher from Oughtibridge in Sheffield, England.

Kobuchi Station (Kanagawa) 
a commuter railway station on the East Japan Railway Company's Yokohama Line located in Minami-ku, Sagamihara, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.

Burqin Shankou Dam 
a dam under construction in Burqin County of Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region of China.

Colorado Springs geography 
founded in the Colorado Piedmont section of the Arkansas River watershed at the confluence of Monument Creek with Fountain Creek.

Blackbird (land yacht) 
an experimental land yacht, built to demonstrate that it is possible to sail directly downwind faster than the wind.

Ashton Hall railway station 
now Lancaster Golf Club.

Eldeceeon 
an extinct genus of reptiliomorph from the Early Carboniferous of Scotland.

J. Andre Smith 
a war artist for the United States Army during World War I.

Vipera orlovi 
a species of the Vipera genus discovered by Tuniyev and Ostrovskikh in 2001.

Gokase, Miyazaki 
a town located in Nishiusuki District, Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan.

Mirae Asset Group 
an independent financial services group in Asia, headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.

Brookfield Incorporaes 
the fifth largest Brazilian homebuilder and real estate company, its a subsidiary of Canadian Brookfield Asset Management.

Bill Phebus 
a Major League Baseball pitcher.

Gmina Inowrocaw 
a rural gmina in Inowrocaw County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.

The Insomniac on the Bridge 
a 1985 French film directed by Ral Ruiz.

Callionima gracilis 
a species of moth in the family Sphingidae.

Les Revenants EP 
the eleventh EP by Scottish post-rock band Mogwai.

Pas de Deux (d'Amboise) 
a ballet made for New York City Ballet by Jacques d'Amboise to Webern's Six pieces for orchestra.

Eddie Thornton 
a Jamaican trumpeter whose career began in the 1950s.

Agnosia orneus 
a species of moth of the Sphingidae family.

Morris W. Turner 
a businessman who served in the nonpartisan position of mayor of Lubbock, Texas, from 1972 to 1974.

Orbivirus 
a member of the Reoviridae family.

Deaf Child Worldwide 
the International Development arm of the National Deaf Children's Society.

List of St. Louis Cardinals owners and executives 
the first owner of the Cardinals franchise, then known as the Brown Stockings and pioneered many of the elements commonly associated with the sport at the game.

Audi Pikes Peak quattro 
a sport utility vehicle concept car.

Dersios sinkhole 
a sinkhole in Arcadia, Greece.

2011 Monza GP2 Series round 
a GP2 Series motor race held on September 10 and 11, 2011 at Autodromo Nazionale Monza, Italy.

Spyros Risvanis 
a Greek footballer currently playing for Panathinaikos in the Greek Superleague.

Ngatiarua 
one of four traditional districts on the island of Mauke in the Cook islands.

Jeff LeBlanc 
an independent American singer and songwriter.

Heiko Fischer 
a German figure skater.

Adelong Station 
not valid.

5 Andromedae 
a star in the constellation Andromeda.

The Flip (album) 
an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on July 12, 1969 in Paris, France and released on the Blue Note label.

Air Lituanica 
a Lithuanian airline based in Vilnius, Lithuania.

George Puccinelli 
an outfielder in Major League Baseball.

Freemount GAA 
a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in the village of Freemount in the North West of County Cork, Ireland which forms part of the parish of Milford, Freemount and Tullylease.

The Spongers 
a 1978 television play by Jim Allen which was directed by Roland Joff and produced by Tony Garnett.

Rbert Kasza 
a Hungarian Modern pentathlete.

1999 UCI Track Cycling World Cup Classics 
a multi race tournament over a season of track cycling.

Limnomedusae 
found living in coarse sediment, has hollow tentacles and has no radial canals.

Donald W. Banner 
a United States Commissioner of Patents and Trademarks.

Stephen Allen House 
an historic house in West Greenwich, Rhode Island on Sharp Street.

Frankenstein complex 
a term that he coined for the fear of mechanical men.

William Campbell James Meredith 
buried at Mount Royal Cemetery, Montreal.

Debagging 
the pulling down of a person's trousers and/or underwear against their wishes, typically as a practical joke, but in other instances as a sexual fetish.

Amanda Petrusich 
an American music journalist and author.

Days of Our Lives (James Otto album) 
the debut album of American country music artist James Otto.

Jay Chapman 
the American physician and forensic pathologist who, in 1977, created the current three drug protocol used for lethal injection, the most commonly used form of capital punishment in the United States.

Destroy (album) 
the third album by the Hungarian Groove Metal band Ektomorf.

Peter de la Mare 
an English politician and Presiding Officer of the House of Commons during the Good Parliament of 1376.

List of Heroes characters 
a list of fictional characters in the television series Heroes, the Heroes graphic novels, and the Heroes webisodes.

Tom Kilgore 
the federal corporations first Chief Executive Officer.

(RS)-1-benzyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline N-methyltransferase 
an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction:

Mr. Jaws 
a novelty song by Dickie Goodman released on Cash Records in 1975.

Ryuichi Kajimae 
a Japanese Nippon Professional Baseball player.

Charles Royds 
a career Royal Navy officer who later served as Assistant Commissioner "A" of the London Metropolitan Police from 1926 to 1931.

Edward Thurlow Leeds 
an English archaeologist.

Face Down (album) 
the second studio album by Canadian rock band Serial Joe.

Cate Fowler 
a theatre producer and director specialising in work for children and families and an educationalist engaged in research in the areas of children's performance and creative literacies.

1946 Bulgarian Republic Football Championship 
contested by 16 teams, and Levski Sofia won the championship.

John Moore (bishop of St Augustine) 
born in County Westmeath, Ireland and moved to Charleston, South Carolina at the age of 14.

2002 Asian Games medal table 
a multi-sport event held in Busan, South Korea from September 29 to October 14, 2002.

Eyemouth United F.C. 
when they reached the quarter-finals in 1959-60, eventually losing 2-1 at home to that year's finalists Kilmarnock.

Huisduinen 
a village in the Dutch province of North Holland.

Ace duraflo 
a process that creates an epoxy barrier coating on the inside of existing piping systems.

2012 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships  Men's team pursuit 
held on March 25.

Geoffrey Crawley 
a photographic expert and journalist, and was the editor in chief of British Journal of Photography for two decades.

xinmsn 
an Internet portal featuring various news and entertainment information for Singapore-based users.

John Marley 
an American actor who was known for his role as Phil Cavalleri in Love Story and as Jack Woltz the defiant film mogul who awakens to find the severed head of his prized horse in his bedin The Godfather.

Radljevo 
a village in Serbia.

Yelp, Inc. 
a multinational corporation headquartered in San Francisco, California, that operates an "online urban guide" and business review site.

A. A. Garcelon House 
an historic house at 223 Main Street in Auburn, Maine within the Main Street Historic District.

Kaamulan 
an ethnic cultural festival held annually in Malaybalay City, Bukidnon from the second half of February to March 10, the anniversary date of the foundation of Bukidnon as a province in 1917.

Memory Stick 
a removable flash memory card format, launched by Sony in October 1998, and is also used in general to describe the whole family of Memory Sticks.

Peterhead RFC 
a rugby union team in Peterhead, Aberdeenshire.

Mohamed Mahmoud Ould Louly 
the President of Mauritania and Chairman of the Military Committee for National Salvation from 3 June 1979 to 4 January 1980.

Marella Agnelli 
an Italian art collector, socialite, style icon and widow of former Fiat chairman Gianni Agnelli.

Dexelvucitabine 
a failed experimental agent for the treatment of HIV.

Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress 
one of the annual awards given by the Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association.

Edward Levy-Lawson, 1st Baron Burnham 
a British newspaper proprietor.

Andrew J. Hickey 
a U.S. Representative from Indiana.

Pandiatonic 
the adjective used to describe music using the concept of pandiatonicism, a term devised in 1938 by Nicolas Slonimsky to describe a technique of using the diatonic scale without the limitations of functional tonality.

Malaikottai 
a 2007 Tamil film directed by Boopathy Pandian, who has also directed the movies Devathaiyai Kanden and Thiruvilayadal Arambam with Dhanush as the hero.

Monarchy of Sierra Leone 
the system of government in which a hereditary monarch was the sovereign of Sierra Leone from 1961 to 1971.

Romain Ferrier 
a French football defender.

Thermomechanical processing 
a metallurgical process that integrates work hardening and heat-treatment into a single process.

Pter Pernyi 
the Comes of Temesvr from the end of the 14th century into the start of the 15th century.

1999 Goody's Headache Powder 500 
a NASCAR Winston Cup Series stock car race held at Bristol Motor Speedway in Bristol, Tennessee.

192122 FAI Cup 
the first ever edition of Ireland's premier cup competition, The Football Association of Ireland Challenge Cup or FAI Cup.

Col. Adelbert Mossman House 
the home of Colonel Adelbert Mossman, a Civil War veteran.

Manide language 
a divergent Philippine language spoken by a Philippine Negrito people of Camarines Norte Province in southern Luzon Island, Philippines.

Camp Lake Township, Swift County, Minnesota 
a township in Swift County, Minnesota, United States.

Estrellas de Buenos Aires 
a 1956 Argentine film.

Trevor Jude Smith 
an American ukulele player sometimes associated with the New York Anti-folk scene.

1884 Republican National Convention 
a presidential nominating convention held at the Exposition Hall in Chicago, Illinois, on June 36, 1884.

Corrano 
a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.

Cladding (construction) 
the application of one material over another to provide a skin or layer intended to control the infiltration of weather elements, or for aesthetic purposes.

List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Vietnam 
the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in Vietnam, and in charge of the UK's diplomatic mission in Hanoi.

Curupira 
a mythological creature of Brazilian folklore.

Zongli Yamen 
the government body in charge of foreign affairs in imperial China during the late Qing dynasty.

Men's college basketball on television 
dependent on negotiations between the broadcaster and the college basketball conference or team.

Graham County Schools 
a PK12 graded school district serving Graham County, North Carolina.

Az-Zeeb 
a Palestinian Arab village located 13.5 kilometers north of Acre on the coast of the Mediterranean Sea.

Crystal Mall Rajkot 
a shopping mall located in Rajkot in Gujarat State of India.

Sri Venkateswara College of Engineering, Tirupati 
an engineering college in Tirupati, Andhra pradesh, India.

Wellington cenotaph 
a war memorial in Wellington, New Zealand.

Thomas Knyvet 
the name of:

amon de Valera 
one of the dominant political figures in twentieth-century Ireland.

Umachal rock cave 
a fifth-century rock cave with inscriptions discovered in Kalipur, Guwahati in February 2012.

Versorium 
the first crude electroscope, the first instrument that could detect the presence of static electric charge.

Pumping lemma 
a second, stronger pumping lemma for context-free languages.

Xorazm FK Urganch 
a Uzbekistani football club based in Urganch.

White-billed Crow 
a member of the Crow family found on the Solomon Islands.

Curricular Practical Training 
temporary employment authorization for F-1 visa non-immigrant foreign students in the United States while enrolled in a college-level degree program.

Geneforge 
the first video game in the Geneforge series of role-playing video games created by Spiderweb Software.

Goruran-e Chahar Dang 
a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.

Le Sap 
a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.

Jim Maloway 
a Canadian politician, who has served as a member of both the Canadian House of Commons and the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba.

Cat Chat 
the first Internet / JANET talker, created in 1990 by Chris Thompson, who used the name "Cat" on the talker.

Revson 
a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ava.

Craig Elliott 
an illustrator, visual development artist and layout artist who works in the animation industry.

Aleksandr Malin 
a Russian professional football player.

Lake Fork, Idaho 
an unincorporated community in Valley County, Idaho, United States.

Jay Alaimo 
an American film director, writer and producer.

Paminivandlavooru 
a village in Mangalapalle Panchayat which is located in Bangarupalyam mandal belonging to Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh state in southern India.

Captain Zed and the Zee Zone 
Captain Zed's and his partner PJ's job to prevent children from having nightmares in the dreamzone.

Vonnegut (surname) 
the surname of:

Teichfuss Cicogna 
an Italian tailless single seat motor glider designed by Luigi Teichfuss and flown in 1936.

Lode Van Den Bergh 
a Belgian writer.

Barbara Speake Stage School 
an independent school, and was initially set up as a dancing school, by the present principal Miss Barbara Speake, MBE, and located in East Acton, London.

Kevin Jones (rugby league) 
a professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC, Castleford, and Doncaster, as a Scrum-half/Halfback, i.e.

No. 11 Squadron RAAF 
a Royal Australian Air Force maritime patrol squadron based at RAAF Base Edinburgh.

Elsie Lessa 
a Brazilian journalist and writer of American descent.

Ehrengard 
a 1982 Italian drama film directed by Emidio Greco.

Bianca Shomburg 
a German singer, best known for her participation in the 1997 Eurovision Song Contest.

ukurkla, Tufanbeyli 
a village in the District of Tufanbeyli, Adana Province, Turkey.

Welland By-Pass 
a massive construction project on the Welland Canal in Ontario, Canada.

Choqa Chubin 
a village in Gurani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.

What We Talk About When We Talk About Love 
a 1981 collection of short stories by American writer Raymond Carver, as well as the title of one of the stories in the collection.

Psycho Beach Party 
a 2000 comedy horror film based on the off-Broadway play of the same name, directed by Robert Lee King.

13th Alberta Legislature 
divided between the Conservatives, Co-operative Commonwealth and Independents.

Maa Tanuvasa 
a former American football defensive end, mainly for the Denver Broncos.

Ingram Barge Company 
a barge company based in Nashville, Tennessee, United States.

Drishtee 
an India based business that provides information technology goods and services to rural India through village kiosks that are run and managed by local entrepreneurs.

Sandra Nurmsalu 
an Estonian singer, violinist and lead singer of the band Urban Symphony.

Mitrudu 
a 2009 Telugu film directed by Mahadev.

Zachariah Richardson House 
a historic house at 597 Washington Street in Winchester, Massachusetts.

Pitcairnia albiflos 
a species of bromeliad in the genus Pitcairnia.

Antelope, Lassen County, California 
a former settlement in Lassen County, California.

Margot Franssen 
a philanthropist, activist and former Canadian entrepreneur, the founder, partner and president of The Body Shop Canada.

Acarosporina 
a genus of lichenized fungi within the Stictidaceae family.

Samoset 
now Maine.

Texas State Highway 186 
a state highway located in the Rio Grande Valley of the U.S. state of Texas.

Ivorian Workers' Party 
a centre-left, democratic socialist and social democratic, political party in Cte d'Ivoire.

Elmer L. Genzmer 
a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.

Puran Appu 
one of the notable personalities in Sri Lanka's history.

Light Square 
one of five squares in the City of Adelaide.

Tapjeong Reservoir 
a reservoir that has been classified as the second great scenic location in Nonsan, South Korea by the municipality.

GXT 
an Italian subscription-based comedy/entertainment television channel.

John Wesley Wescott 
an American lawyer and jurist who served as Attorney General of New Jersey from 1914 to 1919.

Wangbangsan 
a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.

List of awards and nominations received by Madonna 
an American singer-songwriter and actress.

Isaac W. Scudder 
a U.S. Representative from New Jersey.

David M. Cote 
an American businessman.

Ionu Badea 
a retired Romanian footballer and current manager.

Pusionella lupinus 
a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.

Girlfriend (Icona Pop song) 
a song by Swedish synthpop duo Icona Pop.

Marina Gamba 
the mother of Galileo Galilei's illegitimate children.

Vaba Maa 
a daily newspaper in Estonia, published from Tallinn.

KAL1 gene 
a human gene which is located on the X chromosome at Xp22.3 and is affected in some individuals with Kallmann syndrome.

C. S. Holling 
a Canadian ecologist, and Emeritus Eminent Scholar and Professor in Ecological Sciences at the University of Florida.

Nur-Pashi Kulayev 
thought to be the sole survivor of the 32 hostage-takers in the 2004 Beslan school hostage crisis, although Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev denied the claim, stating that one other escaped.

Pippa Passes 
a verse drama by Robert Browning.

Ulysses S. Grant School (Washington, D.C.) 
an historic high school, the home of the School Without Walls It is located at 2130 G Street Northwest, Washington, D.C., in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood.

Campos, Majorca 
a municipality on the island of Majorca, Spain, located on the south side of the island in the comarca of Migjorn.

Lamouilly 
a commune in the Meuse department in Lorraine in north-eastern France.

Brodziaki 
a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bigoraj, within Bigoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.

Lynda Lee-Potter 
a columnist for the British newspaper the Daily Mail.

Varadka 
a village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Preov Region of north-east Slovakia.

Dear Diary (song) 
a 1969 song by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues.

Liz Cheney 
an American attorney and political commentator.

Tase Dam 
a concrete dam located on the Sarugaishi River in the former town of Twa which is now a part of Hanamaki City in Iwate Prefecture, Japan.

Elana Eden 
an Israeli actress of film, television, and theatre, best known for her film debut in the biblical epic The Story of Ruth, in which she portrays the title character.

199091 Coupe de France 
the 74th Coupe de France, France's annual national football cup competition.

Actinodaphne lanata 
a species of plant in the Lauraceae family.

Hey Girl (Small Faces song) 
the fourth song release by popular British R&B group Small Faces.

Rudolf Herrnstadt 
a German journalist and communist politician most notable for his anti-fascist activity as an exile from the Nazi German regime in the Soviet Union during the war and as a journalist in East Germany until his death, where he and Wilhelm Zaisser represented the anti-Ulbricht wing of the Socialist Unity Party in the 1950s.

Ciss (surname) 
a common West African name of Mandinko origin.

Desmond Miller 
an American Primetime Emmy Award-winning hairstylist.

Gunter Faure 
a leading geochemist who currently holds the position of Professor Emeritus in the School of Earth Science of Ohio State University.

Alina Stnculescu 
a retired Romanian artistic gymnast.

Gabriel Valentin 
a German physiologist and professor of physiology at the University of Bern for 45 years.

Randy Minkoff 
a partner in The Speaking Specialists, a communications company in Chicago, USA.

Mycosphaerella rubi 
a fungal plant pathogen.

Lost Reputation 
the fourteenth season premiere of the police procedural television series Law & Order: Special Victims Unit and the 296th overall episode.

Bert Diaries 
a Swedish teenager called Bert Ljung, living in reskoga, a fictional town in Sweden, in the late 1980s and early 1990s.

Faisalabad cricket team 
one of the 8 regional first-class cricket clubs, based in Faisalabad, Pakistan.

History of Burma 
under military rule under various guises from 1962 to 2010, and in the process has become one of the least developed nations in the world.

2014 in the environment 
a list of notable events relating to the environment in 2014.

Titaea 
a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.

Paquito Ochoa, Jr. 
a Filipino lawyer.

anta River 
a tributary of the teaza river in Romania.

Oli Pettigrew 
a Hong Kong-born British actor, model, and award winning television host, based in Singapore.

San Miguel Ixtahuacn 
a municipality in the San Marcos department of Guatemala.It compromises 19 villages and the population is about 39 000 people.

1987 Topps 
issued in wax, rack, and jumbo packs or factory sets.

List of accolades received by Forrest Gump 
praised by many critics

Siren (Asian Kung-Fu Generation song) 
a song by Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation.

Dead Daisy Records 
a Canadian independent record label, owned and operated by singer-songwriter Emm Gryner.

Buncrana 
a town in County Donegal, Ireland.

Maghar al-Mir 
a Syrian village in the Qatana District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate.

Vampires of Warsaw 
a 1925 Polish silent crime film directed by Wiktor Bieganski and starring Oktawian Kaczanowski, Halina Labedzka and Maria Balcerkiewiczwna.

Foster Township, Madison County, Illinois 
located in Madison County, Illinois, in the United States.

Hollow Earth (album) 
the debut album of Soma, released on December 15, 1994 through Extreme Records.

Kawagoeshi Station 
a railway station on the Tobu Tojo Line in Kawagoe, Saitama, Japan, operated by private railway operator Tobu Railway.

Marginella nevillana 
a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.

Giuseppe Bonito 
known for genre depictions on canvas.

Long Days, Black Nights 
a compilation album by the British melodic rock band Magnum.

Fatah Special Operations Group 
a radical Palestinian faction associated to Fatah, the main group of the Palestine Liberation Organization.

Danny Rader 
a musician from Panama City, Florida.

Caboviso 
a Portuguese private telecommunications operator, founded on September 27, 1993, and in 1995 obtains the licences to start operating.

Arthur Morin 
a French physicist.

Galidictis 
a genus of carnivoran in the family Eupleridae endemic to Madagascar.

Avie Bennett 
a Canadian businessman and philanthropist.

So You Say 
the second and final single taken from former Sugababe Siobhn Donaghy's second studio album, Ghosts.

Government of the Independent State of Croatia 
government of the Independent State of Croatia from 16 April 1941 until 8 May 1945.

National Highway 25 (India) 
a National Highway in India that links Lucknow in Uttar Pradesh with Shivpuri in Madhya Pradesh via Kanpur, Orai and Jhansi.

Bown v. Gwinnett County School District 
not unconstitutional.

1953 Australian Championships  Women's Singles 
the champion; others show the round in which they were eliminated.

Uhami language 
an Edoid language of Ondo State, Nigeria.

T.F. Chen 
a painter, art historian, writer, and philosopher.

Nunziante Ippolito 
an Italian physician and anatomist.

Fiorina 
a surname, and may refer to:

Antigonia (Chaonia) 
a mosaic of Saint Christopher and a Greek emblem, testifying to the citys existence in the palaeo-Christian period, was the last building constructed in ancient Antigonea.

Laurent series 
a representation of that function as a power series which includes terms of negative degree.

The Kid from Left Field 
a 1953 baseball film starring Dan Dailey, Anne Bancroft, and Billy Chapin.

Telheiras (Lisbon Metro) 
the northern terminus on the Green Line of the Lisbon Metro.

English cricket team in Australia in 195455 
the first time that an England team had toured Australia under a professional captain since the 1880s.

ieti River 
a tributary of the Chechiel River in Romania.

Severtzov's birch mouse 
a species of rodent in the Dipodidae family.

Tyra Neftzger 
an American guitarist and composer.

Fujicell 
a brand name of Maruem Techno Corporation, a manufacturer of batteries and multimedia products located in Tama-ku, Kawasaki, Japan.

A244-S 
a lightweight, fire-and-forget torpedo employed for anti-submarine warfare.

Gonzalo de Alvarado 
the name of two Spanish conquistadors, both related to Pedro de Alvarado and participating in the conquest of Mexico and Central America.

Per Aspera Ad Astra (film) 
a 1981 Soviet film directed by Richard Viktorov based on a novel by Kir Bulychov.

Philbertia alternans 
a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae.

Rick Bowness 
Canadian former National Hockey League right winger and previously associate coach with Vancouver Canucks.

Eveline Township, Michigan 
a civil township of Charlevoix County in the U.S. state of Michigan.

Halden (newspaper) 
a Norwegian newspaper, published in Halden in stfold county.

Waleed Khaled 
a journalist working for Reuters news agency.

SK Rapid Wien 
an Austrian football club playing in the country's capital city of Vienna.

John McManners 
a British clergyman and historian of religion who specialized in the history of the Church and other aspects of religious life in 18th century France.

Quebec Gay Archives 
a nonprofit organization dedicated to documenting the history of the gay and lesbian communities of Quebec, Canada.

Fort Belgica 
located on Bandaneira Island in the Banda Islands, Maluku Province, Indonesia.

Vince Callahan 
an American politician who served for 40 years as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates.

ITC Infotech 
an IT services company incorporated in the year 2000.

Banque du Liban 
the central bank of Lebanon.

Dragany 
a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.

Botjan imuni 
a retired Slovenian triple jumper.

Krd, Goychay 
a village in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

Centrophorus 
a genus of squaliform sharks.

Sodium dithionite 
a white crystalline powder with a weak sulfurous odor.

Abira Station 
a train station in Abira, Yfutsu District, Hokkaid, Japan.

Paul de Senneville 
a French melody composer and a music producer.

Milo Martin 
a Swiss artist.

Leddra Chapman 
a British singer-songwriter from Brentwood in Essex.

Epicallia 
a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae with one polymorphic species, Epicallia villica.

James W. Riley 
an American businessman and politician from New York.

Leptodactylus colombiensis 
a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.

Brian Simmons 
a former American college and professional football player who was a linebacker in the National Football League for ten seasons.

Space Flyer Unit 
a spacecraft which was launched by Japan on Mar.

House of York 
based on these descents that they claimed the English crown.

Baker Tilly LLP 
a partnership of chartered accountants in the United Kingdom.

Mogens Brandt 
a Danish film actor.

Olofstrms IK 
an ice hockey club in Sweden.

Microdes leptobrya 
a moth in the Geometridae family.

.tc 
the Internet country code top-level domain for Turks and Caicos Islands.

Luis de Velasco, marqus de Salinas 
viceroy of Peru for eight years.

Chapoutier 
a winery and ngociant business situated in Tain-l'Hermitage in the Rhne region in France.

Term Catalogue 
a serial publication compiled to inform customersmost importantly book traders from other citiesof the book production as available on the book fairs.

Oncidium longipes 
a species of orchid occurring from Brazil to northeastern Argentina.

Samuel Holland (politician) 
a Welsh Liberal Party politician.

Upper Florentine Valley 
an area recognised for its landscape and old growth forests.

Rungtu 
a moribund Kukish language of Burma.

Harlequin (software company) 
formerly a technology company based in Cambridge, UK and Cambridge, Massachusetts.

OR2G2 
a protein that in humans is encoded by the OR2G2 gene.

Tamworth by-election, 1917 
held on 23 February 1917.

Kirkland Lake Miners' Memorial 
a memorial in Kirkland Lake, Ontario, dedicated to the city's mining labourers.

Athletic Ground (Aberdare) 
a mixed sports venue in Aberdare, Wales, which was predominantly used for football.

Peka Bridge 
a Border Post located between South Africa and Lesotho.

Kalafut Nunatak 
a nunatak which marks the southeast end of the Haines Mountains, in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.

The Sandpipers (album) 
an LP album featuring the group of the same name, released by A&M Records in May 1967.

Bo Sali 
a tambon of Hot District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.

Ecker 
a municipality of land, an autonomous territory under Finnish sovereignty.

Seal Township, Pike County, Ohio 
one of the fourteen townships of Pike County, Ohio, United States.

Heia Kristn Helgadttir 
an Icelandic politician.

Joseph Twist 
an Australian Composer.

Jzef Grzesiak (boxer) 
a boxer from Poland.

Kaimganj 
a city in Farrukhabad district in the Indian State of Uttar Pradesh.

Transmission Recordings 
a London-based independent record label originally founded in 1993, and re-launched as the audio division of The Notting Hill Music Group plc, one of the worlds leading independent music publishers, in 2010.

Stochastic context-free grammar 
achievable.

Osnabrock, North Dakota 
a city in Cavalier County, North Dakota, United States.

Little Southwest Branch Saint John River 
a 49.7 kilometres river in Somerset County, Maine.

The Swimmers 
a very focused and isolated time in the studio, and much of the grit was in the mixing process.

Kim Mortensen 
the NFHS record holder in the 3200 meter run.

Martinho da Vila 
a Brazilian samba musician.

Bogucharsky District 
an administrative and municipal district, one of the thirty-two in Voronezh Oblast, Russia.

Stewiacke Valley 
a Canadian rural region in central Nova Scotia running from western Pictou County through southern Colchester County to the Shubenacadie River .

Ki Jadu Korila 
a Bangladeshi Bengali language film.

Gurab-e Gonji 
a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.

Cyra McFadden 
an American writer, living in the San Francisco Bay Area.

Battle of Uedahara 
the first defeat suffered by Takeda Shingen, and the first field battle in Japan in which firearms were used.

Mieruu River 
a tributary of the Tarcu River in Romania.

Matthijs van Heijningen, Jr. 
a Dutch filmmaker, writer and producer best known for his work on Red Rain, and The Thing.

Mieruniszki 
a village in the administrative district of Gmina Filipw, within Suwaki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.

Swimming at the 1955 Pan American Games  Women's 200 metre freestyle 
Ana Mara Schultz of Argentina.

Jullien 
a French surname.

The Championship (disambiguation) 
the Football League Championship.

Poptent 
an Philadelphia, PA- based social video marketing company that specializes in creative crowdsourcing specifically for the purpose of making original and authentic video content for brands, marketers, and agencies.

Just Another Ordinary Day 
the debut album by Patrick Watson, released in 2003.

GB City 
an album by Bass Drum of Death.

Escholzmatt-Marbach 
a municipality in the district of Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Noelle Reno 
an American-born fashion entrepreneur, television presenter, socialite, and former model.

Aliabad, Omidiyeh 
a village in Jayezan Rural District, Jayezan District, Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.

Mauby 
a tree bark-based beverage grown, and widely consumed, in the Caribbean.

Miss Ellie Ewing 
a fictional principal character, from the CBS soap opera Dallas, a long running serial centered around the lives of the wealthy Ewing family in Dallas, Texas.

NGC 7049 
a galaxy that spans about 150 000 light-years and lies about 100 million light-years away from Earth in the inconspicuous southern constellation of Indus.

Lacapelle-Marival 
a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.

No. 516 Squadron RAF 
an army co-operation squadron of the Royal Air Force during the Second World War.

Pseudominolia 
a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Trochidae, the top snails.

Center for Ocean Exploration and Archaeological Oceanography 
a research program for students at the University of Rhode Island's Graduate School of Oceanography.

Emilia Fahlin 
a Swedish cyclist.

22538 Lucasmoller 
a main-belt asteroid discovered on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

Ajun Perwira 
an Indonesian actor, presenter, and musician.

Skoke 
a village in the Municipality of Miklav na Dravskem Polju in northeastern Slovenia.

Michelle Bonnard 
an English actress.

Resent and the April Sunshine Shed 
the fourth official full-length release from electronic music producer Benn Jordan as The Flashbulb.

Arginine vasopressin receptor 2 
a protein that acts as receptor for arginine vasopressin.

Trinity Christian School, Canberra 
a private Christian K-12, co-educational school located in Wanniassa in the Tuggeranong Valley of Canberra ACT Australia.

Solar power 
the conversion of sunlight into electricity, either directly using photovoltaics, or indirectly using concentrated solar power.

Option Musique 
the fourth radio station launched by Radio Suisse Romande.

New Fiction 
an EP released on March 23, 2007 by The Smyrk.

WXJC (AM) 
a radio station licensed to serve Birmingham, Alabama.

Prince Alexander of Yugoslavia (b. 1924) 
the eldest son of late Prince Paul of Yugoslavia, who acted as Regent of Yugoslavia in the 1930s, and his wife, Princess Olga of Greece and Denmark.

Calcium-sensing receptor 
a Class C G-protein coupled receptor which senses extracellular levels of calcium ion.

Club Universitario de Buenos Aires 
a sports club with headquarters in the Ciudad Autnoma de Buenos Aires, Argentina's federal district.

Narcosynthesis 
interchangeable with narcoanalysis, and refers to a group of techniques which has its origins in the practice of "narco-hypnosis".

John S. Gibson, Jr. 
a powerful San Pedro, California, politician who was on the Los Angeles City Council for thirty years between 1951 and 1981.

TEENick 
a teen-oriented television programming block that aired on Nickelodeon.

Aminabad, Bardsir 
a village in Negar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.

J. B. Fuselier 
a Cajun musician most remembered for his tune "Ma Chere Bassette".

Roger Graef 
a criminologist and film-maker.

Catesbaea 
a genus of flowering plants in the coffee family.

Silk Road transmission of Buddhism 
ruled by the Kushan Empire, and later the Hephthalite Empire.

Terror-free investing 
a major force behind the movement.

Donald Rosenfeld 
a film producer who used to be the President of Merchant Ivory Productions.

Encyclopedia Brunoniana 
an American reference work by Martha Mitchell covering Brown University.

Xandrames dholaria 
a species of moth of the Geometridae family.

Abdullahi Ali Omar 
a Somali military official.

The Executioner's Song 
a Pulitzer Prize-winning book by Norman Mailer that depicts the events surrounding the execution of Gary Gilmore by the state of Utah for murder.

Girga 
a city in the Sohag Governorate of Upper Egypt.

Cherubikon 
the troparion normally sung at the Great Entrance during the Byzantine liturgy.

George Edward Thicknesse-Touchet, 21st Baron Audley 
eldest son of George John Thicknesse-Touchet, 20th Baron Audley and Anne Jane Donelly.

Hydrodynastes 
a small genus of large colubrid snakes in the subfamily Xenodontinae.

Huron County 
the name of several counties in North America:

April 2009 tornado outbreak 
a tornado outbreak that affected large portions of the Southern United States on April 911 2009.

Vintil Brtianu 
a Romanian politician who served as Prime Minister of Romania between 24 November 1927 and 2 November 1928.

Tyrrell Glacier 
a glacier flowing north into the head of Moraine Fjord where it joins Harker Glacier, on the north coast of South Georgia.

List of trails in Sublette County, Wyoming 
defined as: "Route for passage from one point to another; does not include roads or highways.

List of presidential trips made by Barack Obama during 2012 
a list of presidential trips made by Barack Obama during 2012, the fourth year of his presidency as the 44th President of the United States.

Martin-Baker MB 5 
the ultimate development of a series of prototype fighter aircraft built during the Second World War.

Ezra Dumart 
a Canadian professional ice hockey player.

Contract with the World 
a 1980 novel written by Canadian author Jane Rule.

Str8 Killa 
an EP by rapper Freddie Gibbs.

D'Agapeyeff cipher 
an as-yet unbroken cipher that appears in the first edition of Codes and Ciphers, an elementary book on cryptography published by the Russian-born English cryptographer and cartographer Alexander D'Agapeyeff in 1939.

Clarence Hatry 
widely credited as a contributing factor to the Wall Street Crash of 1929.

Blues Brothers and Friends: Live from Chicago's House of Blues 
the eleventh album and fourth live album by The Blues Brothers in 1997.

How Can I Unlove You 
the name of a No.

Propensity probability 
one interpretation of the concept of probability.

Lady Anna (novel) 
a novel by Anthony Trollope, written in 1871 and first published in book form in 1874.

Barrio Boyzz 
made up of Puerto Rican Americans and Colombian Americans who grew-up in New York City.

Patoka Lake Conference 
a high school athletic conference in southern Indiana.

