Faroese Pilot Association 
the national Faroese pilot union, covering all kinds of pilots on the Faroe Islands, especially those working for Atlantic Airways, the national Faroe airline.

Transporter Classification Database 
an International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology approved classification system for membrane transport proteins including ion channels.

Joseph Twichell 
Mark Twain's closest friend for over forty years, and appears in A Tramp Abroad as "Harris.

All-time Argentine Primera Divisin table 
a cumulative record of all match results, points and goals of every team that has played in the Argentine professional association football top division since its inception in 1931.

Robert Abbott (game designer) 
an American game inventor, sometimes referred to by fans as "The Official Grand Old Man of Card Games".

Obata 
a Japanese surname.

Galway Airport 
managed by Corrib Airport Limited.

Cabin Fever (Lenny Breau album) 
an album by Canadian guitarist Lenny Breau, released in 1997.

Ernie Kelly 
an Australian rules footballer who played for East Fremantle and South Fremantle in the Western Australian Football Association and Carlton in the Victorian Football League.

Web-footed tenrec 
the only known semiaquatic Malagasy tenrec, and is found in eastern Madagascar, especially in and around Ranomafana National Park.

Uintatherium 
an extinct genus of herbivorous mammal that lived during the Eocene epoch; two species are currently recognized, U. anceps from the United States during the Early to Middle Eocene, and U. insperatus of Middle to Late Eocene China.

Autumn Rademacher 
the current women's basketball head coach at University of Detroit Mercy.

Chteau Saulnier 
a chteau in Dordogne, Aquitane, France.

David W. Green 
a professorial research fellow in the Department of Cognitive, Perceptual & Brain Sciences, an honorary senior research associate, an emeritus professor of psychology in the Division of Psychology & Language Sciences, and on the faculty of Brain Sciences at University College London.

Csar and Rosalie 
a 1972 French romance film starring Yves Montand and Romy Schneider, directed by Claude Sautet.

Harpalus mlynari 
a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae.

Paraguayan harp 
the national instrument of Paraguay, and similar instruments are used elsewhere in South America, particularly Venezuela.

Forest Owlet 
an owl that is endemic to the forests of central India.

Strange Love (disambiguation) 
a 2005 reality series featuring Brigitte Nielsen and Flavor Flav.

Pammal K. Sambandam 
a 2002 Tamil comedy film directed by Moulee and scripted by Crazy Mohan.The film features Kamal Haasan in the title role alongside Simran with Abbas and Sneha in primary supporting roles.

ProHoeZak 
an American rapper and record producer.

HMS Scorpion (1803) 
a Royal Navy Cruizer-class brig-sloop built by John King at Dover and launched in 1803.

William de Villiers 
a South African author who wrote Messengers, Watchmen and Stewards, a biographical register of clergymen licensed, ordained for service, or otherwise active, in the Anglican diocese of Cape Town prior to the death of Archbishop William West Jones on 21 May 1908.

Sandra Hutchens 
the current Sheriff-Coroner of Orange County, California.

Ed Neumeister 
a veteran of many of the major big bands of the 1980s including the Duke Ellington Orchestra, Lionel Hampton, Buddy Rich and Gerry Mulligan.

Bishops' Conference of France 
the national episcopal conference of the Roman Catholic bishops of France.

Carl Ahasver von Sinner 
a Bernese architect of the Louis XVI period.

HMS Devonshire (1904) 
the lead ship of her class of six armoured cruiser built for the Royal Navy in the first decade of the 20th century.

Dersingham 
a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.

Route 66 Raceway 
a motorsports facility located in Joliet, Illinois.

Rodrigo Vasquez Schroeder 
a Chilean chess player who holds the Grandmaster title.

Vietnam Presidential Unit Citation 
considered obsolete since the bestowing authority, the government of South Vietnam, no longer exists.

Tooloom National Park 
a national park in New South Wales, Australia, 616km north of Sydney.

Silver Spoon (manga) 
a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiromu Arakawa, set in the fictional Yezo Agricultural High School in Hokkaido.

Bryan King 
a former English football goalkeeper former Chelmsfordd City, Millwall, Coventry City, currently works as a football scout.

Tamayo Akiyama 
a former member of CLAMP.

Mrta Berendes 
the author of a diary written between 1676 and 1698, which as been published and the object of research.

It's the Same Old Shillelagh 
an Irish novelty song written by Pat White.

Kapfenberg Bulls 
a basketball club based in Kapfenberg, which is a town in Styria, a state of Austria.

Robert Harvey (Clwyd politician) 
a British Conservative Party politician, journalist and prolific historian.

Kanyini (film) 
a 2006 documentary film which explores the philosophy and the life of Bob Randall, an Aboriginal man who lives beside the world's greatest monolith, Uluru, in Central Australia.

Estonia at the 2006 FEI World Equestrian Games 
represented by 2 athletes at the 2006 FEI World Equestrian Games in Aachen, Germany.

Ayerfjorden 
the western branch of Raudfjorden in Albert I Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard.

University Hospital Limerick 
a hospital located in Dooradoyle, County Limerick, Ireland.

Ormoy, Haute-Sane 
a commune in the Haute-Sane department in the region of Franche-Comt in eastern France.

Errata (disambiguation) 
the plural form of the word "erratum".

Philip II, Duke of Pomerania 
considered among the one of the most artistic of the Pomeranian dukes.

Rehali, Maharashtra 
situated in Deori tehsil and located in Gondiya district of Maharashtra, India.

200910 Yeovil Town F.C. season 
Yeovil Town's 7th season in the Football League and their sixth consecutive season in League One finishing in 15th position with 53 points.

Suicide attack 
an attack upon a target in which an attacker intends to kill others and/or cause great damage, knowing that he or she will either certainly or most likely die in the process.

Pine Bluff metropolitan area 
a three-county region in southeast Arkansas, anchored by the city of Pine Bluff.

List of Jak and Daxter characters 
a list of characters in the Jak and Daxter series, a video game franchise originally developed by Naughty Dog for the PlayStation 2.

Police Report 
a weekend RTHK programme in Hong Kong, similar to Crimewatch in the UK or America's Most Wanted in the United States.

Benjamin Nicolas Marie Appert 
a French philanthropist, not to be confused with Nicolas Appert.

195354 Serie A 
listed in the left-hand column.

James E. Towner 
an American politician from New York.

Myitnge River 
a major tributary of Ayeyarwady River in Myanmar.

Thorsten Quaeschning 
a musician from Germany who has been a member of Tangerine Dream since 2005.

CZ 75 Tactical Sports 
a single-action firearm specifically designed for practical shooting competitions.

Johann Gottfried Walther 
a German music theorist, organist, composer, and lexicographer of the Baroque era.

Pellaea atropurpurea 
a fern, P. atropurpurea, commonly known as purple-stem cliffbrake or just purple cliffbrake.

Oxford Village Historic District 
a national historic district located at Oxford in Chenango County, New York.

KSB West Sumbawa 
a football club based on West Sumbawa, West Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia.

Faith Page 
an American singer, songwriter, and musician who is best known for her 1992 song Morning In Seattle.

Kiril Dajkovski 
an internationally acclaimed Macedonian electronic musician and music composer.

Oirsbeek 
a village in the southeast of the Netherlands, part of the municipality of Schinnen.

Kartileh F.C. 
a football club based in Djibouti City, Djibouti.

Skinner Memorial Chapel 
a chapel and historic building on the campus of Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota, United States.

FC Z 
a Swedish TV-show about 15 nerds who never have played football.

Ateneo de Manila College Glee Club 
a choir based in the Ateneo de Manila University, Philippines.

Prosper Colas 
a French archetier / bow maker based in Mirecourt, France.

StudyMode 
a Los Angeles-based, self-funded company that owns and operates a network of educational websites and apps.

Diadegma californicum 
a wasp first described by G.S.

Joel Aldrich Matteson 
named in his honor.

Fountain in Piazza Santa Maria in Trastevere 
a fountain located in the square in front of the church of Santa Maria in Trastevere, Rome, Italy.

Herpesviral meningitis 
meningitis associated with herpes simplex virus.

Championship Gaming Series 
an international electronic sports league based in the United States of America, though it had expanded to every continent except Antarctica for Season Two before being abruptly discontinued.

Renier van Tzum 
a merchant/trader and official of the Dutch East India Company.

Bathynerita 
a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Neritidae.

Jenny Clack 
an English paleontologist, an expert in the field of evolutionary biology.

Pupusa 
a traditional Salvadoran dish made of a thick, handmade corn tortilla that is usually filled with a blend of the following:

Donnelly River (Western Australia) 
a river in the South West of Western Australia.

Ambrosia ilicifolia 
a species of ragweed known by the common names Hollyleaf Burr Ragweed and Hollyleaf Bursage.

Fantasick Impossibliss 
an EP by The Most Serene Republic released on Home of the Rebels and distributed by Arts & Crafts.

Don't Go (Girls and Boys) 
featured in a Tommy Hilfiger commercial that starred Dobson.

No-cloning theorem 
a no-go theorem of quantum mechanics that forbids the creation of identical copies of an arbitrary unknown quantum state.

Sopubek Begaliev 
a Soviet-era economist and politician.

Dollar glut 
a term for the accumulation of American dollars outside of the United States as a reserve currency, contrasted with the dollar gap, which led to the creation of the Marshall Plan following World War II.

200708 ULEB Cup 
the level that is one tier below the Euroleague level.

Bhanora Colliery 
a coalfield area situated 12kilometers from Asansol, West Bengal.

Evernia prunastri 
a species of lichen.

Carrig, County Tipperary 
a settlement and electoral district in the historical Barony of Ormond Lower, North Tipperary, Ireland.

Richard French 
a U.S. Representative from Kentucky.

National Debate Tournament 
one of the national championships for collegiate policy debate in the United States.

Photovoltaic thermal hybrid solar collector 
an effective method, it causes the thermal component to under-perform compared to a solar thermal collector.

Yeh Hai Mumbai Meri Jaan 
a 1999 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Mahesh Bhatt and produced by Mukesh Bhatt, starring Saif Ali Khan, Twinkle Khanna, Akshay Anand and Chunky Pandey.

Mzuzu Academy 
an internationally accredited secondary school with deep roots in the community of Mzuzu.

Soundtrack for the Voices in My Head Vol. 03 
the third production-based album by the American electronic rock artist, Celldweller.

Heysham nuclear power station 
a nuclear power station located in Heysham, Lancashire, England, operated by EDF Energy.

Henning Municipal Airport 
a city-owned public-use airport located one mile south of the central business district of Henning, a city in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, United States.

