List of cast iron cookware manufacturers 
especially popular among homemakers and housekeepers during the first half of the 20th century.

200102 New Jersey Nets season 
huge, and resulted in one of the greatest turnarounds in NBA history.

Tresnay 
a commune in the Nivre department in central France.

Sarah Cahill 
a beauty queen from Waseca, Minnesota, who has competed in the Miss Teen USA and Miss USA pageants.

Shfuku-ji (Nagasaki) 
an baku Zen temple in Nagasaki, Nagasaki, Japan.

Buffalo Metro Rail 
the public transit rail system in Buffalo, New York, USA; it is operated by the Niagara Frontier Transportation Authority.

Psilocybe lazoi 
a species of mushroom in the Strophariaceae family.

Lucky Wander Boy 
the 2003 debut novel by D. B. Weiss.

Samson Kehimkar 
a Jewish violinist and sitar player from India.

24th Parliament of Ontario 
in session from November 22, 1951 until May 2, 1955, just prior to the 1955 general election.

Injevo 
a village in Radovi Municipality, Macedonia.

Sipayi Ramu 
1972 Indian Kannada language film directed by Y. R. Swamy starring Rajkumar, Leelavathi, Aarathi in lead roles.

Irene Dalby 
a former international swimmer from Norway, who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s.

Teatro Verdi (Brindisi) 
inaugurated on December 20 2006 after a long bureaucratic process.

Vouvray 
a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.

Hi-Tek (album) 
the second solo album by rapper, Keak da Sneak and considered to be his best album by fans.

Renata Berkov 
a triathlete from the Czech Republic.

List of types of systems engineering 
given in the List of systems engineering at universities.

akovii (ajnie) 
a village in the municipality of ajnie, Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Spodnje Grukovje 
a settlement in the Haloze Hills in the Municipality of Podlehnik in eastern Slovenia.

Mullany 
a surname, and may refer to:

Stanisawa Celiska 
a Polish actress.

Clamtown, Pennsylvania 
an unincorporated community on Route 443 in West Penn Township, Schuylkill County approximately five miles south of Tamaqua.

Corrado Guzzanti 
an Italian actor, director, writer and satirist.

Misbehaving Mums To Be 
a BBC Three series following a team of midwives as they take pregnant women who binge drink, chain smoke and overeat and help them get back into shape before they give birth.

Elva R. Kendall 
a U.S. Representative from Kentucky.

Corredor Pblico 
a legal professional in Mexico with specific functions in the field of commerce.

Maggie Briggs 
Maggie Briggs is an American sitcom television series that aired from March 4 until April 15, 1984.

Retz, Virginia 
an unincorporated community in Mathews County, in the U. S. state of Virginia.

George Vaughan Hart 
a British Army officer and politician.

Joseph Fitzmartin 
an American composer and arranger.

Blue Quail 
a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.

Almost There (The Princess and the Frog song) 
a song written by Randy Newman for Walt Disney Pictures' 49th animated feature film The Princess and the Frog.

Vidovdan Constitution 
named after the feast of St. Vitus, a Serbian holiday.

Magda Fronczewska 
Polish former child singer.

Yaracuy State Anthem 
written by Pedro Mara Sosa; the music was composed by Abdn Ramrez.

Kiln Creek 
a residential community located in Newport News and Yorktown, Virginia.

Looking for an Echo (song) 
a doo-wop song written by Richard Reicheg.

Theatre Smith-Gilmour 
an artistically driven professional theatre company located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Dynamo Charities Cup 
an annual friendly match putting the Houston Dynamo against an international opponent, with a portion of the matchs proceeds donated to charity.

Zephyrhills West, Florida 
a census-designated place in Pasco County, Florida, United States.

Kim R. Gibson 
a federal district court judge on the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania.

Speight's Old Dark 
claimed to be a dark ale in the style of an English porter brewed by the Speight's brewery in Dunedin, New Zealand.

759th Bombardment Squadron 
an inactive United States Air Force unit.

1996 Los Angeles Dodgers season 
chosen to manage the rest of the season.

Lewis B. Kaden 
a Vice Chairman at Citigroup Inc.

Rush-Henrietta Ninth Grade Academy 
still named the Carlton Webster building) in 2000 in order to alleviate problems regarding over-crowding at the Rush-Henrietta Senior High School building, which currently hosts grades 10 through 12.

Dasa Station 
a station of the Daegu Subway Line 2 in Maegok-ri, Dasa-eup, Dalseong County, Daegu, South Korea.

Civilian subject to service discipline 
someone who, whilst not a member of the British Armed Forces, is nevertheless subject to some aspects of British military law and the military justice system.

Hull and South Yorkshire Extension Railway 
incorporated on 6 August 1897 and on 25 July 1898 was transferred to the Hull and Barnsley Railway.

F. J. Peplow 
Borough Librarian at Deptford and a philatelist who won the Crawford Medal from the Royal Philatelic Society London in 1927 for his work The Postage Stamps of Buenos Aires.

Oxford Fashion Week 
an annual independent fashion showcase in Oxford, England.

Kevin Higgins (poet) 
a British poet.

Bernard Brodie (biochemist) 
considered by many to be the founder of modern pharmacology and brought the field to prominence in the 1940s and 1950s.

Flex Comix 
a Japanese company specializing in the sale of manga magazines and goods related to the anime and manga industry in Japan.

Fred Wenz 
a former middle relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from 1968 through 1970 for the Boston Red Sox and Philadelphia Phillies.

Su Yu 
a Chinese Communist military leader.

Photographic grey 
a paint scheme commonly applied to steam locomotives during the period before colour photography became commonplace.

Warlander 
a horse of Baroque type, produced by crossing Andalusian and Friesian breeds.

Taiyuan Railway Station 
a railway station of Tongpu Railway, Shitai Railway and Shitai Passenger Railway.

Ben-Gurion House 
an historic house museum in Tel Aviv, in which between 1931 and 1968 served as an additional residence for Israel's first Defense and Prime Minister, David Ben-Gurion, and his family, along with another additional residence, Tzrif Ben-Gurion at the Sde Boker kibbutz in the Negev, and parallelly with his official residence as Prime Minister of Israel, at Beit Julius Jacobs in Jerusalem.

Sutan Sjahrir 
a revolutionary independence leader.

Valiant Comics 
an American company that publishes comic books based on the Valiant Universe of characters.

Paulo Vincius de Souza Nascimento 
a Brazilian footballer who plays for S.C. Braga in Portugal, as a defender.

List of School of Visual Arts people 
a list of notable alumni and instructors of the School of Visual Arts.

Don't Wait Up 
a British sitcom that aired for six series from 1983 to 1990 on BBC1.

Saint-Nicolas-des-Bois, Manche 
a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.

Anna Colbjrnsdatter 
a Norwegian national heroine, known for her participation in the Battle of Norderhov in Norway during the Great Northern War 29 March 1716.

Eduardo Struvay 
a Colombian professional tennis player.

Ines Ajanovi 
a Serbian professional basketball player.

Tom Tall 
an American rockabilly singer popular in the 1950s.

Groton-Dunstable Regional School District 
a school district in the U.S. state of Massachusetts which serves the towns of Groton and Dunstable.

Aristos Doxiadis 
a Greek economist.

UE Olot 
a Spanish football team based in Olot, in the autonomous community of Catalonia.

Ingeborg Srensen 
a Norwegian model.

Mentha pulegium 
a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae.

Child slavery 
the slavery of children.

Bangli Regency 
a regency of Bali, Indonesia.

Proton Inspira 
a four-door compact saloon produced by Malaysian automobile manufacturer Proton which launched on 10 November 2010.

Beyond the Spectrum 
a science fiction novel by Martin Thomas, published in 1964.

Jinan Railway Bureau 
a railway bureau under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Railways of the People's Republic of China.

Southend-on-Sea 
a seaside resort in Essex, England, on the north side of the Thames estuary 40 miles east of central London.

List of All That cast members 
a list of all the All That cast members and performers.

FirstOntario Centre 
a sports and entertainment arena, on the corner of Bay Street North and York Boulevard, in Hamilton, Ontario.

Indiana State Road 1 
a northsouth state highway in the eastern portion of the U.S. state of Indiana.

Wade Allison 
Emeritus Professor of Physics at Oxford University.

USLHT Shubrick (1865) 
the first lighthouse tender steamer constructed by the Lighthouse Board.

List of Olympic medalists in short track speed skating 
a sport that is contested at the Winter Olympic Games.

Luis Arturo Gonzlez Lpez 
a politician in Guatemala and the acting President of Guatemala on an interim basis, from 27 July 1957 to 24 October 1957.

Through the Eyes 
the major label debut album of alternative metal/nu metal group Flaw.

Offerton Green 
a village in Stockport, England.

Cristiano Dias 
a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Minnesota United FC in the North American Soccer League.

Doddinduvadi 
a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.

Melville, Oregon 
an unincorporated community in Clatsop County, Oregon, United States, on the Lewis and Clark River.

1966 Grand Prix de Rouen-les-Essarts 
the third round of the 1966 Trophes de France.

James Reid (footballer born 1990) 
an English footballer who plays primarily as a left-winger.

Ratliff City, Oklahoma 
a town in Carter County, Oklahoma, United States.

William T. Sullivan 
a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.

La Ferrire-de-Fle 
a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.

Delores Wells 
an American model and actress.

Daniel S. Papp 
the current President of the Kennesaw State University, a position he has held since July 2006.

David Jablonsk 
a Czech football defender currently playing for FK Teplice in the Czech Gambrinus liga.

Jim Engster 
a journalist and host of The Jim Engster Show on NPR affiliate WRKF-FM in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

Securitas 
the goddess of security and stability.

Pukyong National University 
a national university located in Busan, South Korea.

Coleophora kahaourella 
a moth of the Coleophoridae family.

John Schneiderman 
an American lutenist and guitarist born in California.

W82 
a low yield tactical nuclear warhead developed by the United States and designed to be used in a 155mm artillery shell.

2014 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series 
the 66th season of professional stock car racing in the United States.

Red Pockau 
a 10 kilometre long left tributary of the Black Pockau in the Ore Mountains.

Dan Newman 
a politician in Ontario, Canada.

Birac, Charente 
a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.

Photography in Australia 
believed to have been taken by a visiting naval captain, Captain Augustin Lucas in 1841, as indicated by a note published in the Australasian Chronicle for 13 April of that year.

Hand history 
a record of the action in an online poker hand.

R133 road (Ireland) 
a regional road in south Dublin, Ireland.

National Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Korea 
the senior national organization of distinguished Korean scientists and scholars.

Stirling's approximation 
an approximation for factorials.

Tuna Luso Brasileira 
a Brazilian football team from Belm in Par, founded on January 1, 1903.

Toubon Law 
a law of the French government mandating the use of the French language in official government publications, in all advertisements, in all workplaces, in commercial contracts, in some other commercial communication contexts, in all government-financed schools, and some other contexts.

Pristimantis xylochobates 
a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.

Bishop and Clerks Light 
a lighthouse located in open water on Bishop and Clerks Rocks, about two nautical miles south of Point Gammon in Hyannis, Massachusetts.

List of state leaders in 666 
a list of heads of state, government leaders, and other rulers in the year 666.

Positional good 
a product or service whose value is at least in part a function of its ranking in desirability by others, in comparison to substitutes.

Alfreda and Bolesaw Pietraszek 
a well-educated woman, who spoke four languages including German, which was very helpful during the war, when she had to prevent the Nazi Germans from searching through their property.

2009 ITU Triathlon World Cup 
a series of triathlon races organised by the International Triathlon Union for elite-level triathletes to be held during the 2009 season.

Sawaki 
a Japanese surname.

Fibriciellum 
a fungal genus in the Hydnodontaceae family.

Gradsteinia torrenticola 
a species of moss in the Amblystegiaceae family.

James E. Ryan 
an American Thoroughbred horse racing trainer in both steeplechase and flat racing.

Edward Rothstein 
a critic and a composer.

The Scorpion's Tale 
the fifteenth episode of The Simpsons' twenty-second season.

All-trans-zeta-carotene desaturase 
an enzyme with system name all-trans-zeta-carotene:acceptor oxidoreductase.

Sensitive but unclassified 
a designation of information in the United States federal government that, though unclassified, often requires strict controls over its distribution.

Thomas Bistritz 
an online journalist, published author and New York City nightlife personality.

Luka elovi 
one of most influential people in Serbia, patriot and a great funder, also a philanthropist of education.

Les Lucs-sur-Boulogne 
a commune in the Vende department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.

Two Men and a Baby 
the sixth episode of the fourth season in the television series Hercules: The Legendary Journeys.

The Once and Future Duck 
a 1996 Donald Duck story by Don Rosa.

Tropical gar 
a fish found in freshwaters from southern Mexico to Costa Rica, reported to reach lengths of up to 1.25 m in the wild.

James Coates (disambiguation) 
an American minister and politician.

Gonbadeh-e Olya 
a village in Shahu Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.

Marinus Valentijn 
most known for his bronze medal in the Elite race of the 1933 UCI Road World Championships.

Paris By Night Divas 
a musical variety show produced by Thy Nga, taping at Knott's Berry Farm on 20 November 2010.

Harry Warburton 
a Swiss bobsledder who competed in the mid-1950s.

Rocco's Dinner Party 
an US-American reality competition show that airs on the cable television network.

108th Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment 
an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.

Harold McDonell 
an English cricketer.

Madison Township, Carroll County, Indiana 
one of fourteen townships in Carroll County, Indiana.

Edward Gardner House 
a historic house at Zero Gardner Place in Winchester, Massachusetts.

Hartung 
a surname.

Denis Verschueren 
a Belgian racing cyclist.

Yeshiva Gedolah of the Five Towns 
very community oriented.

Rand formula 
a workplace situation where the payment of trade union dues is mandatory regardless of the worker's union status.

1i Productions 
an American board game publisher.

William Milman 
an English rower, clergyman and librarian who was president of the Oxford Union and of Sion College.

Marcus Slaughter 
an American professional basketball player for Real Madrid Baloncesto of the Spanish League.

Bayside West 
a neighborhood within the city limits of Tampa, Florida.

Bauzy 
a commune in the Loir-et-Cher dpartement in central France.

Russ Snowberger 
an American racecar driver and owner active from the 1920s through the 1950s.

On the Cruelty of Really Teaching Computer Science 
a 1988 paper by E. W. Dijkstra which argues that computer programming should be understood as a branch of mathematics, and that the formal provability of a program is a major criterion for correctness.

196768 Manchester City F.C. season 
Manchester City F.C.

Faisal bin Turki I bin Abdulaziz Al Saud 
the eldest son of Turki I bin Abdulaziz Al Saud.

Arthur Ridley 
an English cricketer.

Latin Christian music 
a subgenre of Latin music and Contemporary Christian music.

Amy Korner 
an Australian field hockey player.

wino, Choszczno County 
a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.

2012 FA Community Shield 
the 90th FA Community Shield, a football match played on 12 August 2012 between the winners of the previous season's Premier League and FA Cup competitions.

Yasuyuki Takishita 
a Japanese alpine skier.

Birya Fortress 
a fortress built during the British Mandate, near the modern town of Birya.

Seamus Donnelly (footballer) 
an Irish retired professional footballer who played professionally in the United States.

Vasily Potto 
a Russian lieutenant-general and military historian, known for his landmark works on the history of the Caucasian War.

Femco Farm No. 2 
showcased at the 1932 State Fair.

Strmec, Lue 
a dispersed settlement northeast of Lue in Slovenia.

Muscazone 
a toxic psychoactive chemical compound.

Ton Pao 
a tambon of San Kamphaeng District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.

Portable classroom 
a type of portable building installed on the grounds of a school on a temporary basis to provide additional classroom space where there is a shortage of capacity.

Jimnez (canton) 
the name of the fourth canton in the province of Cartago in Costa Rica.

Royce Adams 
an American football defensive back who is currently a member of the Cleveland Browns.

Vaiola Tiere 
a footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.

Confluence, Kentucky 
an unincorporated community located in Leslie County, Kentucky, United States.

Stone Lake (California) 
in Stone Lake State Park, a California State Park, located in Sacramento County, California.

Sjona Church 
a parish church in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.

Richard and Geraldine Hodgson House 
an International Style house that was built in 1951.

James H. Godman 
a Republican politician in the U.S. State of Ohio who was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives and Ohio Senate, and was Ohio State Auditor for eight years,.

Mount Petinos 
a mountain located 1 nautical mile east-southeast of Worley Point in the northwest part of Shepard Island.

Dinodon rufozonatum 
a species of nocturnal snake in the family Colubridae, native to East Asia.

Barry Long 
an Australian spiritual teacher and writer.

Stability of the Solar System 
a subject of much inquiry in astronomy.

Kalgoorlie by-election, 1940 
held for the Australian House of Representatives seat of Kalgoorlie on 16 November 1940.

FIPS 140-3 
a U.S. government computer security standard used to accredit cryptographic modules.

The Codetalkers 
formed in 1999, upon the meeting of Rodgers and Col. Bruce Hampton at a show at the Variety Playhouse in Atlanta.

Aga Khan University Hospital, Nairobi 
part of the Aga Khan Health Services.

1935 All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship 
the high point of the 1935 season in Camogie.

Hong Kong twenty five-dollar note 
first issued from 1864 by the Oriental Bank Corporation, The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation in 1865, the Standard Chartered Bank from 1879 followed by the Mercantile Bank in 1889, though specimens of an earlier date exist.

7th Dalai Lama 
the 7th Dalai Lama of Tibet.

Sybil Gordon 
best remembered for her performances in Gilbert and Sullivan roles with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company from 1926 to 1931.

St. Ives (novel) 
an unfinished novel by Robert Louis Stevenson.

Per Schwab 
a Swedish / Norwegian painter, scenographer and theatre director.

Stein (Kochel am See) 
a mountain in Bavaria, Germany.

2012 Waratah Cup 
the 21st season of the competition, Football NSW's equivalent to the FA Cup in England.

(43900) 1995 VH2 
a main-belt minor planet.

Qinshan Nuclear Power Plant 
a multi-unit nuclear plant under construction in Qinshan Town, Haiyan County, Zhejiang, the People's Republic of China.

TV Patrol Ilocos 
the local news broadcast of the ABS-CBN Regional Network Group for Ilocos, shown in Ilocos Norte, Ilocos Sur and Abra.

Lonely Runs Both Ways 
the twelfth album by bluegrass music group Alison Krauss & Union Station, released November 23, 2004.

Donald Whitton 
a Canadian concert cellist, recording musician, and teacher, with a professional career in music spanning over 50 years.

Jim Thomas (tennis) 
a former professional American tennis player.

List of St. Anthony's College, Kandy alumni 
a List of St. Anthonys College alumni, of the St. Anthonys College, Kandy, Sri Lanka.

E. W. Scripps School of Journalism 
part of the Scripps College of Communication at Ohio University.

Aryeh Altman 
an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Herut and Gahal between 1951 and 1965.

Carling, Moselle 
a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in north-eastern France.

Berrin Keklikler 
a Turkish German beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Turkey 2013 and represented her country at the Miss Universe 2013 pageant.

George Farquhar (priest) 
an Anglican priest and author  in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.

Lyce Saint-Louis-de-Gonzague 
a Roman Catholic school in the 16th arrondissement of Paris.

Nobu Hayashi 
a professional Japanese Heavyweight karateka and kickboxer.

Break Your Heart 
a song by English singer-songwriter Taio Cruz.

Paglu 2 
a 2012 Tollywood film directed by Sujit Mondal starring dev and Koel Mallick in lead roles.

Pomianw Grny 
a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec Zbkowicki, within Zbkowice lskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.

Tropical Storm Lidia (1981) 
equivalent to $193 million in damage.

Camelia Entekhabifard 
an Iranian journalist and author who now lives in New York City.

Lanexa, Virginia 
an unincorporated community partially in New Kent County, and partially in James City County, Virginia, United States.

Switch II 
the second album from the R&B group, Switch, released in 1979.

A Meadow in the Mountains: Le Mas de Saint-Paul 
painted by Vincent van Gogh in 1889.

John Waller Hills 
a British Liberal Unionist and Conservative politician.

Senhora do Destino 
a Brazilian telenovela that was produced and aired by TV Globo from June 28, 2004 to March 11, 2005, totaling 221 chapters.

Black buntingi 
a species of fish in the Adrianichthyidae family.

Lorenzetti 
an Italian surname.

Shawn Atleo 
the National Chief of the Assembly of First Nations in Canada.

Ralph Pond 
an American professional baseball outfielder who played briefly for the Boston Red Sox during the 1910 season.

Giovanna Blanco 
a female judoka from Venezuela, who won the silver medal in the women's heavyweight division at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.

Longstone Lighthouse 
built and designed by Joseph Nelson in 1826, and was originally called the Outer Farne lighthouse.

Tashmoo Springs Pumping Station 
a historic waterworks facility in Tisbury, Massachusetts, on the island of Martha's Vineyard.

The Concubine 
a deathcore band from Tabernacle Township, New Jersey.

Carlos Seixas 
a Portuguese composer, the son of the cathedral organist, Francisco Vaz and Marcelina Nunes.

Communist Workers Party (Japan) 
a pro-Soviet communist party in Japan.

Strawberry Hill (Creagerstown, Maryland) 
a Georgian style farmhouse near Thurmont, Frederick County, Maryland, built in 1783.

River Bewl 
a tributary of the River Teise in Kent, England.

First Hawaiian Bank 
a regional commercial bank headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii, at the First Hawaiian Center.

Helitours 
a domestic airline in Sri Lanka operated by the Sri Lanka Air Force with aircraft not required for military use.

Citizen and Republican Movement 
a political party in France.

1995 Belarusian Premier League 
the 5th season of top-tier football in Belarus.

Taylor Bright 
a musical artist, songwriter and actress, who gained notoriety through a viral online video she released while still in high school for her song "Striped Socks.

DataBlade 
a module for the IBM Informix database server.

Purkinje 
a name attributed to several biological features, so named for their discovery by Czech anatomist Jan Evangelista Purkyn:

Virginia State Route 142 
a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Ivica Osim 
a Bosnian former football player and manager.

Gabriel Walsh 
born in Dublin.

Titan (Space World) 
a steel roller coaster at Space World in Yahata Higashi ward, Kitakyushu, Japan.

Snowbelt 
a term describing of a number of regions near the Great Lakes in North America where heavy snowfall in the form of lake-effect snow is particularly common.

All-Ireland Senior B Hurling Championship 1984 
the 11th staging of Ireland's secondary hurling knock-out competition.

Boyce Thompson Institute for Plant Research 
a botanical research and education organization devoted to plant science, located on the campus of Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, USA.

John (Stinka) 
the head of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of Canada with title John, Archbishop of Winnipeg, and of the Central Diocese, Metropolitan of Canada,.

Kheri Ameir 
a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Matemwe constituency since 2000.

Edmund Hayes (judge) 
an Irish judge.

Eric Steven Stahl 
an American director, screenwriter, producer and editor who is known for making the world's first all-digital sound 70mm film called Digital Dream.

Ruda Rzeczka 
a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Biaostocka, within Biaystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.

George Robert Broadbent 
an Australian cycling champion and map publisher.

Bate, Burkina Faso 
a town in the Sidradougou Department of Como Province in south-western Burkina Faso.

Polloc 
an uninhabited island in the province of Romblon in the Philippines.

Boris Bittker 
a prominent United States legal academician.

Optical train 
an arrangement of lenses to guide a line of sight and/or a laser.

Marie-France Garaud 
a French politician.

Enamtila 
a Sumerian term meaning "house of life" or possibly "house of creation".

Al-Karamah SC 
a Syrian football club based in the city of Homs.

Pierre Danon 
a French entrepreneur.

Brooklyn Bottling Group 
one of the largest independently owned beverage and food company in the United States.

Piz Saliente 
a mountain of the Livigno Alps.

Nong Het 
a market town in Xiangkhouang Province in northeastern Laos, located about 13 kilometres from the border with Vietnam.

Loei 
a town in north-east Thailand.

Australian administrative law 
basically a common law system, with an increasing statutory overlay that has shifted its focus toward codified judicial review and to tribunals with extensive jurisdiction.

Willie Fernie (golfer) 
a Scottish golfer from the "Home of Golf", St Andrews.

Education for Chemical Engineers 
a peer-reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Elsevier on behalf of the Institution of Chemical Engineers.

List of listed buildings in Alyth, Perth and Kinross 
a list of listed buildings in the parish of Alyth in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.

Humphry Marshall House 
also a "rare example of a Pennsylvania country house".

Albert Kandlbinder 
a West German bobsledder who competed in the late 1950s and early 1960s.

Jos Mara lvarez del Manzano 
a Spanish politician for the People's Party.

Phragmoteuthida 
an order of coleoid cephalopods characterized by a fan-like teuthoid pro-ostracum attached to a belemnoid-like phragmocone.

Ulva elegans 
a species of seaweed in Ulvaceae family that is endemic to Morocco.

Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway 
a 4ft6in gauge railway, built with the intention of improving the moorland areas around Princetown.

Infection ratio 
used to work out the relationship between the non-performing part of the portfolio and the total loan portfolio of a bank or other financial entity.

Sharurah Domestic Airport 
an airport serving Sharurah, a town in Najran Province, Saudi Arabia.

Winwa, Mingin 
a village in Mingin Township, Kale District, in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.

Bakairi language 
a Cariban language of Brazil.

Jackson's Wharf 
a New Zealand television series created by Gavin Strawhan and Rachel Lang.

Central Dairy Building 
built in 1927 to house the headquarters of the Central Dairy Company.

German submarine U-505 
a German Type IXC U-boat built for service in the Kriegsmarine during World War II.

Vic Akers 
a former football player and manager.

Thomas Dent (lawyer) 
a prominent Chicago lawyer.

Sarkand 
a town in Sarkand District in the Almaty Province of south-eastern Kazakhstan.

Jan Worst 
a Dutch Golden Age painter.

Platynochaetus setosus 
a species of hoverfly, from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera.

Mount Julian (Colorado) 
a summit in the Front Range of north central Colorado.

Johan Lindbom 
a professional ice hockey player who played 38 games in the National Hockey League.

Athos (album) 
a 1994 album by Stephan Micus that was released on ECM.

Acanthurus 
the type genus of the family Acanthuridae.

Basketligan Finals MVP 
handed out to the Most Valuable Player in the Finals of the Basketligan, the highest Swedish basketball tier.

William Tyndale College 
a nondenominational Christian college located in Farmington Hills, Michigan.

Berro Park station 
the tenth station of the Medelln Metro and the tenth station on Line A from north to south.

Alliance for the Democratization of the Army 
a Dutch political party representing military interests.

Oxana Savchenko 
a paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category S12 events, for visually impaired competitors.

Alexander Popham (penal reformer) 
a British politician and penal reformer.

1869 New Jersey vs. Rutgers football game 
a college football game between the College of New Jersey and the Rutgers Queensmen played on November 6, 1869.

Chester Brown 
a Canadian cartoonist and, since 2008, the Libertarian Party of Canada's candidate for the riding of TrinitySpadina in Toronto, Canada.

Thunder Alley (film) 
a 1967 film about auto racing, directed by Richard Rush and starring Annette Funicello and Fabian Forte.

Wa'el Nassar 
an active member and one of the senior leaders of the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of Palestinian Islamist movement Hamas, until his assassination by Israeli Defense Forces on May 30, 2004, in Gaza City.

Biejkw 
a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna, within Biaobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.

Beastwars 
an acclaimed New Zealand-based heavy-metal group.

Warta Pozna 
a football club based in Pozna, Poland.

Mandatory Provident Fund (Hong Kong) 
a compulsory saving scheme for the retirement of residents in Hong Kong.

Shine (Aswad song) 
the first single from the group's album Rise And Shine.

Temozn Municipality 
one of the 106 subdivisions of the State of Yucatn in Mexico.

Sajib Miah 
a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh.

Tazirbu 
an oasis located in the Libyan Desert in the Kufra District of Libya, about 250km to the northwest of Kufra.

Phyciodes batesii 
a species of Nymphalidae that occurs in North America.

Yoshimasa Hosoya 
a Japanese voice actor from Hiroshima.

Commit (data management) 
the making of a set of tentative changes permanent.

Poecilasthena inhaesa 
a moth in the Geometridae family.

Roosevelt Township, Crow Wing County, Minnesota 
a township in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Port Dover, Ontario 
an unincorporated community and former town located in Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada on the north shore of Lake Erie.

Sankt Lorenzen am Wechsel 
a municipality in the district of Hartberg in Styria, Austria.

1969 European Baseball Championship 
held in Germany and was won by the Netherlands.

David Zuckerman (politician) 
a farmer and a former Progressive member of the Vermont House of Representatives, representing Chittenden-3-4 district.

Martialia hyadesii 
a species of squid commonly known as the sevenstar flying squid.

Mora (canton) 
the name of the 7th canton in the province of San Jos in Costa Rica.

Bigamy 
the act of entering into a marriage with one person while still legally married to another.

Borsato 
a surname.

Montague (VTA) 
a light rail station operated by Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority.

Khorumi 
a war dance that originated in the region of Adjara, which is located in the southwestern region of Georgia.

Swainsboro, Georgia 
a city located in Emanuel County, Georgia, United States.

Le mariage du ciel et de l'enfer 
the sixth album by Art Zoyd, released in 1985 through Cryonic Inc..

Howard Bauchner 
the editor-in-chief of the Journal of the American Medical Association since July 1, 2011.

Denise Hamilton 
an American crime novelist, journalist and editor of the Edgar-award winning anthologies Los Angeles Noir and Los Angeles Noir 2: The Classics.

Lesotho Evangelical Church 
one of the oldest Protestant churches in Africa, established in 1833 by the Paris Evangelical Missionary Society.

Danilo da Silva (disambiguation) 
a Portuguese name, may refer to:

Glory 5: London 
a kickboxing event held on March 23, 2013 at the ExCeL Arena in London, England.

Henry Goldman 
an American banker, son of Marcus Goldman.

Livremont 
a French surname.

Department of Earth Sciences, University of Cambridge 
the University of Cambridge's Earth Sciences department.

Brad Rone 
someone hired, often on short notice, to fight against up and coming prospects or championship contenders.

Taxus globosa 
an evergreen shrub and one of the eight species of yew.

Jacek Majchrowski 
the Mayor of the Royal Capital City of Krakw since 2002, a lawyer and historian, and a professor at Jagiellonian University.

TRG@ 
a protein that in humans is encoded by the TRG@ gene.

David Catlin-Birch 
a British musician.

Yang Kui 
a prominent writer in Taiwan under Japanese rule.

Cinemaiss 
a film festival specialized in Latin American and Caribbean film, organized in Helsinki, Finland each October.

Steven Jackson (baseball) 
a former American Major League Baseball pitcher.

Acherontia lachesis 
a large Sphingid moth found in India and much of the Oriental region, one of the three species of Death's-head Hawkmoth, also known as the Bee Robber.

Sarur, Iran 
a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.

Death of Elza Kungayeva 
a Chechen woman abducted, beaten, and murdered by a Russian Army Colonel during the Second Chechen War.

Fidel Solrzano 
a retired male athlete from Ecuador, who competed in the long jump event and the decathlon during his career.

Kottapeta Rowdy 
a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.

Odontolabis cuvera 
a beetle of the Family Lucanidae, stag beetles.

Greenwood Township, Columbia County, Pennsylvania 
a township in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, United States.

John O'Connor (MP, KC) 
an Irish Nationalist revolutionary-turned Parnellite parliamentarian MP in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and as member of the Irish Parliamentary Party represented Tipperary in 1885, and South Tipperary from 1885 to 1892, and North Kildare from 1905 to 1918.

Evolution of Elevation 
an album by Bizzy Bone.

List of Out of the Unknown episodes 
a complete episode list of the anthology science fiction television series Out of the Unknown which aired over four series between 4 October 1965 and 30 June 1971 on BBC2.

Party of Labour 
a name used by various political parties throughout the world.

ALECSAT 
a novel method of epigenetic cancer immunotherapy being used by the company CytoVac.

Eddie Crush 
an English cricketer playing for Kent between 1946 and 1949.

WamoChapakura languages 
a proposed connection between the largely extinct Chapacuran language family and the otherwise unclassified language Wamo.

Mousseaux-Neuville 
a commune in the Eure department in Haute-Normandie in northern France.

International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights 
a multilateral treaty adopted by the United Nations General Assembly on 16 December 1966, and in force from 23 March 1976.

College of Nursing at East Carolina University 
a college located within East Carolina University.

Magnolia hernandezii 
a species of plant in the Magnoliaceae family.

Love, Death & Mussolini 
a totally different song and is elsewhere unavailable.

Composure 
the first full-length album by Waking Ashland, released on May 10, 2005 by Tooth & Nail Records.

Op Hoop van Zegen (1924 film) 
a 1924 Dutch silent drama film directed by James Bauer and Henk Kleinmann.

Scott Bennett 
the name of:

Panola, Sumter County, Alabama 
an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Sumter County, Alabama, United States.

Makoto Sat 
a Japanese documentary film director.

El Dorado Adventist School 
a non-profit, WASC accredited, coeducational K-12 school that is owned, operated and run by local church constituencies and the Northern California Conference of Seventh-day Adventists.

O'Connor Hospital 
a hospital operated by the Daughters of Charity Health System in San Jose, California.

Battle of Arghandab (1987) 
an offensive launched by Afghan government forces, supported by Soviet troops against Mujahideen strongholds in the Arghandab District of Kandahar Province, Afghanistan.

List of Chief Justices of the Rhode Island Supreme Court 
created in 1747 and used the title of Superior Court of Judicature, Court of Assize, and General Gaol Delivery.

Brice Mack 
a background painter and director, known for his extensive work at Disney in the 1940s and 1950s as a background painter.

William Stanhope Badcock 
a vice-admiral in the British Royal Navy and a descendant of Sir Salathiel Lovell.

Alex Terra 
a Brazilian footballer.

Black-Eyed Susan (2004 film) 
a 2004 drama film directed by James Riffel.

Aleksey Kamkin 
a retired Russian rower who had his best achievements in the coxless fours, together with Valery Dolinin, Aleksandr Kulagin and Vitaly Eliseyev.

Hit and Run (2009 film) 
a 2009 horror film from MGM, released only in an unrated version.

Western Australian Heritage Icons 2004 
compiled by the Western Australian Government and the National Trust of Australia.

Cofimvaba 
a town in Chris Hani District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.

Monmouthshire County Council 
the governing body for the Monmouthshire principal area  one of the unitary authorities of Wales.

Tribune Company 
an American multimedia corporation with official headquarters in Chicago, Illinois.

Seymour de Ricci 
a bibliographer and historian, who was born in England and raised and became a citizen of France.

Br'er Rabbit 
a central figure as Uncle Remus tells stories of the Southern United States.

Peyton Gordon 
a United States federal judge.

Lyman Trumbull House 
a house significant for its association with former U.S.

Ulidia (kingdom) 
that somewhat fluid area of Gaelic Ireland's Ulaidh or its original greater Ulster, which remained under rule of the Uladh's or Ulaid's dynasties after the 5th century A.D. encroachments of the U Nill.

Nick Malceski 
an Australian rules footballer playing for the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League.

Paul Harvey (disambiguation) 
an American radio broadcaster.

Fairchild C-123 Provider 
an American military transport aircraft designed by Chase Aircraft and subsequently built by Fairchild Aircraft for the United States Air Force.

List of Nip/Tuck episodes 
an American drama created by Ryan Murphy, which aired on FX in the United States between 2003 and 2010.

Bert Cochran 
an American Communist politician and author.

Falketind 
a mountain in the municipality of rdal in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.

Beresie Due 
a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kieczygw, within Pajczno County, d Voivodeship, in central Poland.

Ab Barik, North Khorasan 
a village in Tabar Rural District, Jolgeh Shoqan District, Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.

Gell Pavilions 
a complex of buildings in the neighborhood of Pedralbes, Barcelona, by the Catalan Modernist architect Antoni Gaud, built between 1884 and 1887.

Albert Lewis Fletcher 
an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.

The Pious Bird of Good Omen 
a compilation album by Fleetwood Mac, released in 1969.

Tantsud thtedega 
an Estonian television reality show airing on Kanal 2.

Actrix nyssaecolella 
a species of moth of the Pyralidae family.

Ramchandra Gandhi 
an Indian philosopher, a student of Peter Strawson.

Stezislava 
the wife of Slavnk, a Bohemian nobleman and founder of Slavnk dynasty.

Parchin-e Sofla 
a village in Azadlu Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.

SJ X5 
a series of three or four car electric multiple units operated by Statens Jrnvgar of Sweden as express trains.

Domenjod 
a neighbourhood on the island of Runion, located on its northern coast.

School Election Project 
a project started in 1989 that co-ordinates mock high school elections in Norway in connection with national and local elections in Norway.

Bebearia castanea 
a butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.

List of Major League Baseball stolen base records 
not until 1888 that it officially earned a place in the box score.

Myma Seldon 
a British television and radio presenter and voiceover artist.

Mount Airy, Cincinnati 
a neighborhood in Cincinnati, Ohio.

The Big Up Festival 
a three-day music, arts, and culture festival at Sunnyview Farm in Ghent, New York that highlights music, arts, and culture  and bring together musical entertainment, interactive art and sustainable initiatives.

Alzheimer (album) 
a record by Spanish metal rap band Def Con Dos.

Palacio de los Leones 
the name of the main municipal building of the city of Rosario, Argentina.

Domaradz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship 
a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Biay Br, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.

Boundaries in landscape history 
an abstract concept, the boundary can often be seen by differences in land use on either side.

Paul Buchanan 
a professional boxer, fighting out of West Denton.

Bobby Dimond 
the older brother of Peter Dimond.

Nordby 
a Danish town, seat of the Fan Municipality, in the Region of Southern Denmark.

Southwark South East by-election, 1921 
a parliamentary by-election held on 14 December 1921 for the British House of Commons constituency of Southwark South East, in the Metropolitan Borough of Southwark in London.

Seth Harding 
an officer in the United States Navy during the American Revolutionary War.

Northern Rail Trail (New Hampshire) 
a multi-use rail trail in western New Hampshire, USA, currently 48 miles in length from Lebanon to Franklin.

Ahi Dasht 
a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Sofla Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.

Larry J. Blake 
an American actor from Brooklyn, New York City.

Michel Seurat 
a sociologist and researcher at the CNRS, born 14 August 1947 in Tunisia and died in Beirut in 1986.

Allan Gilmour, Sr. 
a prominent Scottish-born lumber merchant and shipowner.

Arthur Steele 
a Canadian sports shooter.

Jenny Owens 
an Australian freestyle skier currently living in Freshwater, New South Wales.

List of Xbox games on Windows 
a list of released and upcoming Xbox games for Windows 8 and Windows RT.

Kadu bouranee 
a pumpkin dish made by frying pumpkin with different spices.

Human trafficking in Kyrgyzstan 
a source, transit, and to a lesser extent a destination country for men and women trafficked from Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, and Turkmenistan for purposes of forced labor and commercial sexual exploitation.

Jayantha Silva 
a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played in 7 Tests and one ODI from 1995 to 1998.

Zimbabwe National Army 
the land warfare branch of the Zimbabwe Defence Forces.

AIBA African Olympic Boxing Qualifying Tournament 2008  Light Welterweight 
the lightest class.

Epidemiology of suicide 
estimated that global annual suicide fatalities could rise to 1.5 million by 2020.

Recorder sonata in G minor (HWV 360) 
also referred to as Opus 1 No.

Melanorrhoea usitata 
a tree of the Anacardiaceae family.

Ashkar 
a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.

Naismith 
a surname, and may refer to:

Anbaran Mahalleh 
a village in Virmuni Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.

Santiago Pudahuel Airport 
a public use airport located 34 kilometres north-northeast of Santiago, Santiago Metropolitan, Chile.

Valea Tlharului River (Drgan) 
a tributary of the Crciunu River in Romania.

The Nobody 
the first graphic novel by Eisner-nominated cartoonist Jeff Lemire that was published by Vertigo Comics, an imprint of DC Comics.

Trechus bastropi 
a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Trechinae.

John Cabrera 
an American actor, writer and director best known for his role as Brian Fuller on the television show Gilmore Girls on The WB.

INS Shankul (S47) 
a Shishumar class diesel-electric submarine of the Indian Navy.

Progreso Independent School District 
a public school district based in Progreso, Texas.

Geography of Bosnia and Herzegovina 
located in Southeastern Europe, in the western Balkans.

Annonamine 
a aporphine alkaloid isolated from Annona muricata.

Archer Avenue 
a diagonal thoroughfare running northeast-to-southwest between Chicago's Chinatown and Lockport, Illinois.

Bill Bunten 
a Kansas politician and the previous mayor of Topeka, Kansas, having been elected to a four-year term in 2005 and re-elected in 2009.

Vandenberg (band) 
a Dutch hard rock band named after guitarist Ad "Adje" van den Berg

Cyana fulvia 
a moth of the Arctiidae family.

Reality (Dream album) 
Dream's second album.

Grant Nordman 
a City Councillor in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada representing St. Charles Ward.

Solombor 
a village in Kahrizak Rural District, Kahrizak District, Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.

Torres Strait Light Infantry Battalion 
an infantry battalion of the Australian Army during the Second World War.

Jens von der Lippe 
a Norwegian ceramist, non-fiction writer and educator.

Rafi, Kermanshah 
a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.

Iriri River 
a tributary of the Xingu River in Brazil, in the state of Par.

Mannosylglycoprotein endo-beta-mannosidase 
an enzyme.

Finsthwaite 
a small village in the South Lakeland District, in the county of Cumbria.

Flapjax 
a programming language built atop JavaScript.

Anticrates metreta 
a moth of the Lacturidae family.

Cereal box prize 
a promotional toy or small item that is offered as an incentive to buy a particular breakfast cereal.

James Ferraro 
an experimental musician, composer and electronic music producer born in Bronx, NY whose album Far Side Virtual was released by Hippos in Tanks in 2011.

Homestead Dairy Barns 
a historic dairy barn complex and national historic district located at Warm Springs, Bath County, Virginia.

Gerard Teuma 
a Gibraltarian radio and television presenter.

Sara Lindn 
a Swedish football striker, currently playing for Gteborg FC in the Damallsvenskan.

Nikolai Matyukhin 
a Russian football defender.

P2RX1 
a protein that in humans is encoded by the P2RX1 gene.

Drumbo round tower 
a truncated Irish round tower in Drumbo, County Down.

Johannes Voorhout 
a Dutch Golden Age painter.

1994 Big Ten Conference Baseball Tournament 
held at C. O.

Skylar Diggins 
an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Tulsa Shock of the Women's National Basketball Association.

Nushagak Peninsula 
an uninhabited peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska.

Johann Jakob Schalch 
a Swiss painter.

List of most common surnames in Asia 
a list of the most common surnames in Asia, in alphabetical order of the country.

Mike Belkin 
a former top-ranked Canadian tennis player.

Pirate radio in Cork 
relaunched in July 1990 as 96FM and eventually bought out by County Sound in February 1991 with the original 4 shareholders selling all their shares to the Mallow based station.

Kendal Power Station 
a coal-fired power station in Mpumalanga, South Africa.

Zee and Co. 
a 1972 British film released by Columbia Pictures.

Mahmada 
a village in Muzaffarpur district in Bihar state, India.

Michael LeMoyne Kennedy 
the sixth of eleven children of Robert F. Kennedy and Ethel Skakel.

The Arousal 
Pakistan's first ever anarchist newsletter founded and published by a group of ex-Socialist and ex-Marxist student activists in 1988.

Chari Department 
one of 3 departments making up the region of Chari-Baguirmi in Chad.

Crofts baronets 
a title in the Baronetage of England.

1999 du Maurier Open  Women's Singles Qualifying 
a WTA tennis tournament, played on outdoor hard courts.

Snake Island (film) 
a 2002 South African action horror film directed by Wayne Crawford.

Johnny Cakes (The Sopranos) 
the seventy-third episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the eighth of the show's sixth season.

Boris Elik 
a retired Canadian ice hockey left winger.

Aco Petrovi (basketball) 
a Serbian basketball coach.

The Calusari 
the twenty-first episode of the second season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.

Joseph Woodfall Ebsworth 
an English clergyman, known as an editor of ballads, poet and artist.

The Pack (group) 
a hip hop group from Berkeley, California.

Hchstenbach 
an Ortsgemeinde  a community belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde  in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

Office of Rural Health Policy 
a part of the Health Resources and Services Administration, of the United States Department of Health and Human Services.

Kematen an der Krems 
a municipality in the district Linz-Land in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.

196061 Greek Cup 
the 19th edition of The Greek Football Cup, or Greek Cup for short.

Kim Man-Sig 
a South Korean fencer.

